Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

 1 Scope
=======

The present document establishes the minimum RF requirements for NR User
Equipment (UE) Interworking operation with other radios. This includes
but is not limited to additional requirements for carrier aggregation or
NR dual connectivity between Range 1 and Range 2 and additional
requirements due to NR non-standalone (NSA) operation mode with E-UTRA.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.101-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 1: Range 1 Standalone\"

\[3\] 3GPP TS 38.101-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone\"

\[4\] 3GPP TS 36.101: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and reception\"

\[5\] 3GPP TS 38.521-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 3: Range 1 and
Range 2 Interworking operation with other radios\"

\[6\] Recommendation ITU-R M.1545: \"Measurement uncertainty as it
applies to test limits for the terrestrial component of International
Mobile Telecommunications-2000\"

\[7\] 3GPP TS 36.211: \"E-UTRA; Physical channels and modulation\"

\[8\] 3GPP TS 36.331: \" Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); Radio Resource Control (RRC); Protocol specification\"

\[9\] 3GPP TS 38.331: \"NR; Radio Resource Control (RRC) protocol
specification\"

\[10\] 3GPP TS 38.213: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for control\"

\[11\] 3GPP TS 38.306: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio access
capabilities

\[12\] 3GPP TS 38.133: \"NR; Requirements for support of radio resource
management\".

\[13\] 3GPP TS 38.211: \"NR; Physical channels and modulation\".

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in
the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
term, if any, in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\].

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

ΔR~IB,c~ Allowed reference sensitivity relaxation due to support for CA
or DC operation, for serving cell *c*.

ΔT~IB,c~ Allowed maximum configured output power relaxation due to
support for CA or DC operation, for serving cell *c*

BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~ Channel bandwidth of E-UTRA carrier

BW~E-UTRA\_Channel\_CA~ Channel bandwidth of E-UTRA sub-block which is
composed of intra-band contiguous CA E-UTRA carriers

BW~NR\_Channel~ Channel bandwidth of NR carrier

BW~NR\_Channel\_CA~ Channel bandwidth of NR sub-block which is composed
of intra-band contiguous CA NR carriers

Ceil(x) Rounding upwards; ceil(x) is the smallest integer such that
ceil(x) ≥ x

EN-DC~ACLR~ The ratio of the filtered mean power centred on the
aggregated sub-block bandwidth ENBW to the filtered mean power centred
on an adjacent bandwidth of the same size ENBW

E-UTRA~ACLR~ E-UTRA ACLR

F~C~ *RF reference frequency for the carrier center* on the channel
raster

F~DL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the downlink *operating band*

F~DL\_high~ The highest frequency of the downlink *operating band*

F~UL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the uplink *operating band*

F~UL\_high~ The highest frequency of the uplink *operating band*

F~OOB~ The boundary between the NR out of band emission and spurious
emission domains

L~CRB~ Transmission bandwidth which represents the length of a
contiguous resource block allocation expressed in units of resource
blocks

Max() The largest of given numbers

Min() The smallest of given numbers

NR~ACLR~ NR ACLR

N~RB~ Transmission bandwidth configuration, expressed in units of
resource blocks

N~RB\_agg~ The number of the aggregated RBs within the fully allocated
aggregated channel bandwidth

$N_{R{B\_}_{\text{agg}}} = \sum_{1}^{j}{N_{RB_{j}}*2^{\mu_{j}}}$ for
carrier 1 to j, where *μ* is defined in TS 38.211 \[13\]

N~RB,c~ The transmission bandwidth configuration of component carrier c,
expressed in units of resource blocks

$N_{RB,cj} = N_{RB_{j}}*2^{\mu_{j}}$ for carrier j, where *μ* is defined
in TS 38.211 \[13\]

P~CMAX~ The configured maximum UE output power

RB~start~ Indicates the lowest RB index of transmitted resource blocks

W~gap~ The sub-block gap between the two sub-blocks

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in
the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\].

ACLR Adjacent Channel Leakage Ratio

ACS Adjacent Channel Selectivity

A-MPR Additional Maximum Power Reduction

BCS Bandwidth Combination Set

CA Carrier Aggregation

CC Component Carrier

DC Dual Connectivity

EN-DC E-UTRA/NR DC

EVM Error Vector Magnitude

FDM Frequency Division Multiplexing

FR Frequency Range

ENBW The aggregated bandwidth of an E-UTRA sub-block and an adjacent NR
sub-block

ITU-R Radiocommunication Sector of the International Telecommunication
Union

MBW Measurement bandwidth defined for the protected band

MPR Allowed maximum power reduction

MSD Maximum Sensitivity Degradation

MCG Master Cell Group

NR New Radio

NS Network Signalling

NSA Non-Standalone, a mode of operation where operation of an other
radio is assisted with an other radio

OOB Out-of-band

OOBE Out-of-band emission

OTA Over The Air

PRB Physical Resource Block

RE Resource Element

REFSENS Reference Sensitivity

RF Radio Frequency

Rx Receiver

SCG Secondary Cell Group

SCS Subcarrier spacing

SEM Spectrum Emission Mask

SUL Supplementary uplink

TDM Time Division Multiplex

Tx Transmitter

UE User Equipment

UL MIMO Up Link Multiple Antenna transmission

ULSUP Uplink sharing from UE perspective

4 General
=========

4.1 Relationship between minimum requirements and test requirements
-------------------------------------------------------------------

The present document is interwork specification for NR UE, covering RF
characteristics and minimum performance requirements. Conformance to the
present specification is demonstrated by fulfilling the test
requirements specified in the conformance specification 3GPP TS 38.521-3
\[5\].

The Minimum Requirements given in this specification make no allowance
for measurement uncertainty. The test specification TS 38.521-3 \[5\]
defines test tolerances. These test tolerances are individually
calculated for each test. The test tolerances are used to relax the
minimum requirements in this specification to create test requirements.
For some requirements, including regulatory requirements, the test
tolerance is set to zero.

The measurement results returned by the test system are compared -
without any modification - against the test requirements as defined by
the shared risk principle.

The shared risk principle is defined in Recommendation ITU‑R M.1545
\[6\].

4.2 Applicability of minimum requirements
-----------------------------------------

a\) In this specification the Minimum Requirements are specified as
general requirements and additional requirements. Where the Requirement
is specified as a general requirement, the requirement is mandated to be
met in all scenarios

b\) For specific scenarios for which an additional requirement is
specified, in addition to meeting the general requirement, the UE is
mandated to meet the additional requirements.

c\) The spurious emissions power requirements are for the long-term
average of the power. For the purpose of reducing measurement
uncertainty it is acceptable to average the measured power over a period
of time sufficient to reduce the uncertainty due to the statistical
nature of the signal

> d\) Terminal that supports EN-DC configuration shall meet E-UTRA
> requirements as specified in TS 36.101 \[4\] and NR requirements as in
> TS 38.101-1 \[2\] and TS 38.101-2 \[3\] unless otherwise specified in
> this specification

e\) All the requirements for intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous
EN-DC apply under the assumption of the same uplink-downlink and special
subframe configurations in the E-UTRA and slot format indicated by
UL-DL-configurationCommon and UL-DL-configurationDedicated in the NR for
the EN-DC, a time offset between the two RATs configurations may be
required.

f\) For EN-DC combinations with CA configurations for E-UTRA and/or NR,
all the requirements for E-UTRA and/or NR all the requirements for
E-UTRA and/or NR intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous CA apply under
the assumption of the same slot format indicated by
UL-DL-configurationCommon and UL-DL-configurationDedicated in the PSCell
and SCells for NR and the same uplink-downlink and special subframe
configurations in Pcell and SCells for E-UTRA.

A terminal which supports an EN-DC configuration shall support:

> If any subsets of the EN-DC configuration do not specify its own
> bandwidth combination sets in 5.3B, then the terminal shall support
> the same E-UTRA bandwidth combination sets it signals the support for
> in E-UTRA CA configuration part of E-UTRA -- NR DC and shall support
> the same NR bandwidth combination sets it signals the support for in
> NR CA configuration part of E-UTRA -- NR DC.
>
> Else if one of the subsets of the EN-DC configuration specify its own
> bandwidth combination sets in 5.3B, then the terminal shall support a
> product set of channel bandwidth for each band specified by E-UTRA
> bandwidth combination sets, NR bandwidth combination sets, and EN-DC
> bandwidth combination sets it singnals the support.

A terminal which supports an inter-band EN-DC configuration with a
certain UL configuration shall support the all lower order DL
configurations of the lower order EN-DC combinations, which have this
certain UL configuration and the fallbacks of this UL configuration.

For CA or DC configurations, which include FR2 intra-band CA
configurations with multiple FR2 sub-blocks, where at least one of the
sub-blocks is a contiguous CA configuration:

\- if the field *partialFR2-FallbackRX-Req* is not present, the UE shall
meet all applicable UE RF requirements for the highest order CA
configuration and all associated fallback CA configurations;

\- if the field *partialFR2-FallbackRX-Req* is present, for each FR2
intra-band CA configuration with multiple sub-blocks that the UE
indicates support for explicitly in UE capability signalling: the in-gap
UE RF requirements in clauses 7.5A, 7.5B, 7.6A, 7.6B apply as the
equivalent requirements for the associated fallback FR2 intra-band CA
configurations with the same number of sub-blocks, where at least one of
the sub-blocks consists of a contiguous CA configuration. The UE shall
meet all applicable UE RF requirements for fallback CA configurations
with a lesser number of sub-blocks;

\- regardless of the field *partialFR2-FallbackRX-Req*, the UE shall
meet all DL out-of-gap requirements for all lower order fallback CA
configurations.

Terminal that supports inter-band NR-DC between FR1 and FR2
configuration shall meet the requirements for corresponding CA
configuration (suffix A), unless otherwise specified.

4.3 Specification suffix information
------------------------------------

Unless stated otherwise the following suffixes are used for indicating
at 2^nd^ level clause, shown in Table 4.3-1.

Table 4.3-1: Definition of suffixes

  Clause suffix   Variant
  --------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  None            Single Carrier
  A               Carrier Aggregation (CA) between FR1 and FR2
  B               Dual-Connectivity (DC) with and without SUL including UL sharing from UE perspective, inter-band NR DC between FR1 and FR2
  D               UL MIMO

5 Operating bands and channel arrangement
=========================================

5.1 General
-----------

The channel arrangements presented in this clause are based on the
operating bands and channel bandwidths defined in the present release of
specifications.

NOTE: Other operating bands and channel bandwidths may be considered in
future releases.

Requirements throughout the RF specifications are in many cases defined
separately for different frequency ranges (FR). The frequency ranges in
which NR can operate according to this version of the specifications are
identified as described in Table 5.1-1.

Table 5.1-1: Definition of frequency ranges

  Frequency range designation   Corresponding frequency range
  ----------------------------- -------------------------------
  FR1                           410 MHz -- 7125 MHz
  FR2                           24250 MHz -- 52600 MHz

The present specification covers band combinations including

\- at least one FR1 operating band and one FR2 operating band for
carrier aggregation and dual connectivity operations;

\- at least one E-UTRA operating band for dual connectivity operations.

5.2 Operating bands
-------------------

NR is designed to operate in FR1 operating bands defined in TS 38.101-1
\[2\] and FR2 operating bands defined in TS 38.101-2 \[3\]. E-UTRA is
designed to operate in operating bands defined in TS 36.101 \[4\].

5.2A Operating bands for CA
---------------------------

### 5.2A.1 Inter-band CA between FR1 and FR2

NR carrier aggregation are designed to operate in the operating bands
defined in Table 5.2A.1‑1. The band combinations include at least one
FR1 operating band and one FR2 operating band.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a lower order
band combination, when the applicable lower order band combination is a
band pair in a higher order band combination, the mandatory simultaneous
Rx/Tx capability also applies for the band pairin the higher order band
combination.

Table 5.2A.1-1: Band combinations for inter-band NR CA between FR1 and
FR2

  NR CA Band                                                                                                          NR Band
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  CA\_n8-n258^1^                                                                                                      n8, n258
  CA\_n71-n257^1^                                                                                                     n71, n257
  CA\_n77-n257^1^                                                                                                     n77, n257
  CA\_n78-n257^1^                                                                                                     n78, n257
  CA\_n79-n257^1^                                                                                                     n79, n257
  NOTE 1: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band carrier aggregation with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability.   

5.2B Operating bands for DC
---------------------------

### 5.2B.1 General

The operating bands are specified in clause 5.5B for operation with
EN-DC, NGEN-DC, NE-DC or NR-DC configured.

### 5.2B.2 Void

### 5.2B.3 Void

### 5.2B.4 Void

### 5.2B.5 Void

### 5.2B.6 Void

### 5.2B.7 Void

5.3 UE Channel bandwidth
------------------------

5.3A UE Channel bandwidth for CA
--------------------------------

### 5.3A.1 Inter-band CA between FR1 and FR2

For inter-band NR CA between FR1 and FR2, a carrier aggregation
configuration is a combination of operating bands, each supporting a
carrier aggregation bandwidth class as specified in clause 5.3A.5 of TS
38.101-1 \[2\] and clause 5.3A.4 of TS 38.101-2 \[3\] independently.

5.3B UE Channel bandwidth for DC
--------------------------------

### 5.3B.0 General

For intra-band contiguous EN-DC, the aggregated channel bandwidth is sum
of the individual NR and E-UTRA channel bandwidths assuming nominal
EN-DC channel with 0 kHz offset spacing as specified in clause 5.4.

ENBW = BW~NR\_Channel~ + BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~

In the case where the NR sub-block and/or the E-UTRA sub-block itself is
composed of intra-band contiguous CA carriers, the EN-DC aggregated
channel bandwidth is the sum of the aggregated channel bandwidths of the
NR and E-UTRA sub-blocks assuming nominal EN-DC channel spacing between
the NR sub-block and E-UTRA sub-block.

ENBW = BW~NR\_Channel\_CA~ + BW~E-UTRA\_Channel\_CA~

Intra-band contiguous EN-DC configurations are defined using intra-band
contiguous EN-DC bandwidth class notation DC\_(n)Xyz where the first
EN-DC bandwidth class letter y indicates the number of contiguous E-UTRA
carriers and the second EN-DC bandwidth class letter z indicates the
number of contiguous NR carriers for the EN-DC combination of E-UTRA
Band X and NR Band nX. Applicable contiguous intra-band EN-DC bandwidth
classes are listed in Table 5. 3B.0-1.

Table 5.3B.0-1: Intra-band contiguous EN-DC bandwidth classes

+---------------------------------------------+---------------+----+
| Intra-band contiguous EN-DC bandwidth class | Number of     |    |
|                                             |               |    |
|                                             | contiguous CC |    |
+=============================================+===============+====+
|                                             | E-UTRA        | NR |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------+----+
| AA                                          | 1             | 1  |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------+----+
| CA                                          | 2             | 1  |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------+----+
| DA                                          | 3             | 1  |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------+----+

### 5.3B.1 Intra-band EN-DC in FR1

#### 5.3B.1.1 General

The requirements for intra-band EN-DC in this specification are defined
for EN-DC configurations with associated bandwidth combination sets.

For each EN-DC configuration, requirements are specified for all
bandwidth combinations contained in a *bandwidth combination set*, which
is indicated per supported band combination in the UE radio access
capability. A UE can indicate support of several bandwidth combination
sets per band combination.

#### 5.3B.1.2 BCS for Intra-band contiguous EN-DC

For intra-band contiguous EN-DC, an EN-DC configuration is consisting of
an E-UTRA band and a corresponding NR band having the same frequency
range which supports an intra-band contiguous EN-DC bandwidth class.

Bandwidth combination sets for intra-band contiguous EN-DC are specified
in Table 5.3B.1.2-1. The EN-DC configurations and bandwidth combination
sets in Table 5.3B.1.2-1 also apply to higher order EN-DC combinations
that include inter-band and intra-band EN-DC on the downlink and
inter-band EN-DC on the uplink. If no BCS is reported in the UE
capabilities for an intra-band combination the default is that the UE
supports BCS0.

Table 5.3B.1.2-1: EN-DC configurations and bandwidth combination sets
defined for intra-band contiguous EN-DC

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| E-UTRA -- |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NR        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| conf      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| iguration |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| /         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Bandwidth |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| co        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| mbination |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| set       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+=====+===+
| Downlink  | Uplink    | Component | Maximum   | Bandwidth |     |   |
|           | EN-DC     | carriers  | ag        | co        |     |   |
| EN-DC     | confi     | in order  | gregated\ | mbination |     |   |
| conf      | gurations | of        | bandwidth | set       |     |   |
| iguration |           | i         | (MHz)     |           |     |   |
|           |           | ncreasing |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | carrier   |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | frequency |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | Channel   | Channel   | Channel   |     |   |
|           |           | b         | b         | b         |     |   |
|           |           | andwidths | andwidths | andwidths |     |   |
|           |           | for       | for NR    | for       |     |   |
|           |           | E-UTRA    | carrier   | E-UTRA    |     |   |
|           |           | carrier   | (MHz)     | carrier   |     |   |
|           |           | (MHz)     |           | (MHz)     |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC        | DC        | 20        | 40, 60,   |           | 120 | 0 |
| \_(n)41AA | \_(n)41AA |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 60,   | 20        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 20        | 40, 50,   |           | 120 | 1 |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 50,   | 20        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC        | DC        | 20+20     | 40, 60,   |           | 140 | 0 |
| \_(n)41CA | \_(n)41AA |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 60,   | 20+20     |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 20+20     | 40, 50,   |           | 140 | 1 |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 50,   | 20+20     |     |   |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC        | DC        | 20+20+20  | 40, 60,   |           | 160 | 0 |
| \_(n)41DA | \_(n)41AA |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 60,   | 20+20+20  |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 20+20+20  | 40, 50,   |           | 160 | 1 |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 50,   | 20+20+20  |     |   |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC        | DC        | 15        | 5         |           | 20  | 0 |
| \_(n)71AA | \_(n)71AA |           |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 10        | 5, 10     |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 5         | 5, 10, 15 |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 5         | 15        |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 5, 10     | 10        |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 5, 10, 15 | 5         |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| NOTE 1:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Void      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 2:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Void      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 3:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Void      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 4:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| The       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| channel   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| b         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| andwidths |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| for       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| E-UTRA or |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NR        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| carrier   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| should be |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| at least  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| supported |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| in one of |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| the BCS   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| indicated |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| in E-UTRA |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| bandwidth |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| co        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| mbination |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| sets or   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NR        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| bandwidth |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| co        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| mbination |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| sets if   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| reported. |           |           |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+

#### 5.3B.1.3 BCS for Intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC

For intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC, an EN-DC configuration is
consisting of an E-UTRA band and a corresponding NR band having the same
frequency range which supports E-UTRA and NR carriers, where E-UTRA
configuration is indicated by using E-UTRA CA bandwidth class as defined
in TS 36.101 \[4\] and NR configuration is indicated by using NR CA
bandwidth class as defined in TS 38.101-1 \[2\].

Requirements for intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC are defined for the
EN-DC configurations and bandwidth combination sets specified in Table
5.3B.1.3-1. The EN-DC configurations and bandwidth combination sets in
Table 5.3B.1.3-1 also apply to higher order EN-DC combinations that
include inter-band and intra-band EN-DC on the downlink and inter-band
EN-DC on the uplink. If no BCS is reported in the UE capabilities for an
intra-band combination the default is that the UE supports BCS0.

Table 5.3B.1.3-1: EN-DC configurations and bandwidth combination sets
defined for intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| E-UTRA -- |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NR        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| conf      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| iguration |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| /         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Bandwidth |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| co        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| mbination |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| set       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+=====+===+
| Downlink  | Uplink    | Component | Maximum   | Bandwidth |     |   |
|           | EN-DC     | carriers  | ag        | co        |     |   |
| EN-DC     | confi     | in order  | gregated\ | mbination |     |   |
| conf      | gurations | of        | bandwidth | set       |     |   |
| iguration |           | i         | (MHz)     |           |     |   |
|           |           | ncreasing |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | carrier   |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | frequency |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | Channel   | Channel   | Channel   |     |   |
|           |           | b         | b         | b         |     |   |
|           |           | andwidths | andwidths | andwidths |     |   |
|           |           | for       | for NR    | for       |     |   |
|           |           | E-UTRA    | carrier   | E-UTRA    |     |   |
|           |           | carrier   | (MHz)     | carrier   |     |   |
|           |           | (MHz)     |           | (MHz)     |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC        | DC\_3A\   |           | 5, 10,    | 5, 10,    | 50  | 0 |
| \_3A\_n3A | _n3A^(1)^ |           | 15, 20,   | 15, 20    |     |   |
|           |           |           | 25, 30    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_      | DC\_      | 20        | 40, 60,   |           | 120 | 0 |
| 41A\_n41A | 41A\_n41A |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 60,   | 20        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 20        | 40, 50,   |           | 120 | 1 |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 50,   | 20        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_      | DC\_      | 20+20     | 40, 60,   |           | 140 | 0 |
| 41C\_n41A | 41A\_n41A |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 60,   | 20+20     |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 20+20     | 40, 50,   |           | 140 | 1 |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 50,   | 20+20     |     |   |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_      | DC\_      | 20+20+20  | 40, 60,   |           | 160 | 0 |
| 41D\_n41A | 41A\_n41A |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 60,   | 20+20+20  |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 20+20+20  | 40, 50,   |           | 160 | 1 |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 50,   | 20+20+20  |     |   |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| NOTE 1:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Only      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| single    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| switched  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| UL is     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| supported |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| in Rel.15 |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 2:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Void      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 3:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| The       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| channel   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| b         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| andwidths |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| for       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| E-UTRA or |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NR        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| carrier   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| should be |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| at least  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| supported |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| in one of |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| the BCS   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| indicated |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| in E-UTRA |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| bandwidth |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| co        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| mbination |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| sets or   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NR        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| bandwidth |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| co        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| mbination |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| sets if   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| reported  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+

5.4 Void
--------

5.4A Channel arrangement for CA
-------------------------------

The channel arrangement for CA operations in FR1 and FR2 as specified in
TS 38.101-1 \[2\] and TS 38.101-2 \[3\], respectively.

5.4B Channel arrangement for DC
-------------------------------

The channel arrangement for intra-band EN-DC operations in FR1 is
specified in TS 36.101 \[4\] and TS 38.101-1 \[2\] , respectively.

### 5.4B.1 Channel spacing for intra-band EN-DC carriers

The spacing between carriers will depend on the deployment scenario, the
size of the frequency block available and the channel bandwidths. The
nominal channel spacing between and E-UTRA carrier and an adjacent NR
carrier for intra-band contiguous EN-DC is defined as following:

\- For NR operating bands with 100 kHz channel raster,

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~ + BW~NR\_Channel~)/2

\- For NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster,

> \- Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~ +
> BW~NR\_Channel~)/2+{-5kHz, 0kHz, 5kHz} for ∆F~Raster~ equals to 15 kHz
>
> \- Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~ +
> BW~NR\_Channel~)/2+{-10 kHz, 0 kHz, 10 kHz} for ∆F~Raster~ equals to
> 30 kHz

where BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~ and BW~NR\_Channel~ are the channel bandwidths
of the E-UTRA and NR carriers, ∆F~Raster~ is the band dependent channel
raster granularity defined in TS38.101-1\[2\]. The channel spacing can
be adjusted depending on the channel raster to optimize performance in a
particular deployment scenario.

For intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC the channel spacing between E-UTRA
and NR carriers shall be larger than the nominal channel spacing defined
in this clause.

5.5 Configuration
-----------------

5.5A Configuration for CA
-------------------------

#### 5.5A.1 Inter-band CA configurations between FR1 and FR2

Table 5.5A.1-1: Inter-band CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets between FR1 and FR2 (two bands)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>NR CA configuration</th>
<th>Uplink CA configuration</th>
<th>NR Band</th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>(kHz)</p></th>
<th><p>5</p>
<p>MHz</p></th>
<th><p>10</p>
<p>MHz</p></th>
<th><p>15</p>
<p>MHz</p></th>
<th><p>20</p>
<p>MHz</p></th>
<th><p>40</p>
<p>MHz</p></th>
<th><p>50</p>
<p>MHz</p></th>
<th><p>60</p>
<p>MHz</p></th>
<th><p>80</p>
<p>MHz</p></th>
<th><p>90</p>
<p>MHz</p></th>
<th>100 MHz</th>
<th>200 MHz</th>
<th>400 MHz</th>
<th>Bandwidth combination set</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n8A-n258A</td>
<td>CA_n8A-n258A</td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n258</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>120</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n71A-n257A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>120</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>120</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257D</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77C-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>120</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n77C-n257D</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n77C-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n77C-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>120</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257D</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78C-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n78C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>120</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n78C-n257D</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n78C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n78C-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n78C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n78C-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n78C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>120</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79A-n257D</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79A-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79A-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79C-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td>See CA_n79C in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>120</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n79C-n257D</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n79C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n79C-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n79C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n79C-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n79C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>NOTE: The CA configurations are given in Table 5.5A.1-1 of either TS 38.101-1 or TS 38.101-2 where unless otherwise stated BCS0 is referred to.</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

5.5B Configuration for DC
-------------------------

### 5.5B.1 General

The operating bands and bandwidth classes are specified for operation
with EN-DC, NGEN-DC, NE-DC or NR-DC configured. The EN-DC, NGEN-DC or
NE-DC band combinations include at least one E-UTRA operating band.

For EN-DC or NE-DC configurations indicated by column \"Single Uplink
allowed\" (e.g., problematic band combinations as defined in TS 38.306
\[11\]) in tables in this clause the UE may indicate capability of not
supporting simultaneous dual and triple uplink operation due to possible
intermodulation interference to its own primary downlink channel
bandwidth of PCell or PSCell if the intermodulation order is 2 or if the
intermodulation order is 3 for the combinations when both operating
bands are between 450 MHz -- 960 MHz or between 1427 MHz -- 2690 MHz.

In the case for EN-DC or NE-DC configurations listed in tables in this
clause for which the intermodulation products caused by the dual and
triple uplink operation fall into the receive band but do not interfere
with its own primary downlink channel bandwidth of PCell or PSCell as
defined in Annex I the UE is mandated to operate in dual and triple
uplink mode. Single Uplink is also allowed for certain band combinations
where intermodulation or reverse intermodulation products could create
difficulty for meeting emission requirements.

For EN-DC combinations of order 3 or higher, \"Single Uplink allowed\"
UL configurations captured in Table 5.5B.2-1, Table 5.5B.3-1, and Table
5.5B.4-1 apply.

If multiple UL DC configurations are listed for multiple DL DC
configurations, valid uplink configurations are such that uplink does
not have more carriers than downlink.

Non‑contiguous resource allocation and almost contiguous allocation are
not applicable for E‑UTRA or NR carrier part of intra‑band EN‑DC
configuration.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a lower order
DC configuration, when the applicable lower order DC configuration is a
band pair in a higher order DC configuration, the mandatory simultaneous
Rx/Tx capability also applies for the band pair in the higher order DC
configuration.

For a higher order EN-DC band combination of which DC\_20\_n28/
DC\_28\_n20/ CA\_20-28/ CA\_n20-n28 is a subset, the frequency range in
band n28/28 is restricted for the higher order band combination to
703-733 MHz for the UL and 758-788 MHz for the DL.

For NR inter-band dual connectivity specified in 5.5B.7, the
corresponding NR CA configurations in 5.5A.1, i.e., dual uplink
inter-band carrier aggregation between FR1 and FR2 with uplink assigned
to two NR bands, are applicable to Dual Connectivity.

NOTE 1: Requirements for the dual connectivity configurations are
defined in the clause corresponding NR uplink CA between FR1 and FR2
configurations, unless otherwise specified.

### 5.5B.2 Intra-band contiguous EN-DC

Table 5.5B.2-1: Intra-band contiguous EN-DC configurations

+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| EN-DC                          | Uplink EN-DC  | Single UL allowed |
|                                |               |                   |
| configuration                  | configuration |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
|                                | (NOTE 1)      |                   |
+================================+===============+===================+
| DC\_(n)41AA^5^                 | DC\_(n)41AA   | Yes^3^            |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_(n)41CA^5^                 |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_(n)41DA^5^                 |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_(n)71AA^2^                 | DC\_(n)71AA   | No^4^             |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC           |               |                   |
| configurations are the         |               |                   |
| configurations supported by    |               |                   |
| the present release of         |               |                   |
| specifications.                |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 2: Requirements in this   |               |                   |
| specification apply for NR SCS |               |                   |
| of 15 kHz only.                |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 3: Single UL allowed due  |               |                   |
| to potential emission issues,  |               |                   |
| not self-interference.         |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 4: For UE(s) supporting   |               |                   |
| dynamic power sharing it is    |               |                   |
| mandatory to do dual           |               |                   |
| simultaneous UL. For UE(s) not |               |                   |
| supporting dynamic power       |               |                   |
| sharing single UL is allowed.  |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 5: The minimum            |               |                   |
| requirements only apply for    |               |                   |
| non-simultaneous Tx/Rx between |               |                   |
| all carriers.                  |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+

### 5.5B.3 Intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC

Table 5.5B.3-1: Intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC configurations

+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| EN-DC                         | Uplink EN-DC   | Single UL allowed |
|                               |                |                   |
| configuration                 | configuration  |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
|                               | (NOTE 1)       |                   |
+===============================+================+===================+
| DC\_3A\_n3A                   | DC\_3A\_n3A^2^ | Yes^2^            |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| DC\_41A\_n41A^3^              | DC\_41A\_n41A  | Yes^4^            |
|                               |                |                   |
| DC\_41C\_n41A^3^              |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| DC\_41D\_n41A^3^              |                |                   |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC          |                |                   |
| configurations are the        |                |                   |
| configurations supported by   |                |                   |
| the present release of        |                |                   |
| specifications.               |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| NOTE 2: Only single switched  |                |                   |
| UL is supported in Rel.15     |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| NOTE 3: The minimum           |                |                   |
| requirements only apply for   |                |                   |
| non-simultaneous Tx/Rx        |                |                   |
| between all carriers.         |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| NOTE 4: Single UL allowed due |                |                   |
| to potential emission issues, |                |                   |
| not self-interference.        |                |                   |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+

### 5.5B.4 Inter-band EN-DC within FR1

#### 5.5B.4.1 Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (two bands)

Table 5.5B.4.1-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (two bands)

+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| EN-DC                          | Uplink EN-DC  | Single UL allowed |
|                                |               |                   |
| configuration                  | configuration |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
|                                | (NOTE 1)      |                   |
+================================+===============+===================+
| DC\_1A\_n28A                   | DC\_1A\_n28A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n40A                   | DC\_1A\_n40A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n51A                   | DC\_1A\_n51A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n77A^7^                | DC\_1A\_n77A  | DC\_1\_n77        |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_1A\_n77C^7^                |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n78A^7^                | DC\_1A\_n78A  | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_1A\_n78C^7^                |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n79A^7^                | DC\_1A\_n79A  | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_1A\_n79C^7^                |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n5A                    | DC\_2A\_n5A   | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n66A                   | DC\_2A\_n66A  | DC\_2\_n66        |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n71A                   | DC\_2A\_n71A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n78A                   | DC\_2A\_n78A  | DC\_2\_n78        |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n7A                    | DC\_3A\_n7A   | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n28A                   | DC\_3A\_n28A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n40A                   | DC\_3A\_n40A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n51A                   | DC\_3A\_n51A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n77A^7^                | DC\_3A\_n77A  | DC\_3\_n77        |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_3A\_n77C^7^                |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n78A^7^                | DC\_3A\_n78A  | DC\_3\_n78        |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_3A\_n78C^7^                |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_3C\_n78A^7^                |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n79A^7^                | DC\_3A\_n79A  | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_3A\_n79C^7^                |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n40A                   | DC\_5A\_n40A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n66A                   | DC\_5A\_n66A  | DC\_5\_n66        |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n78A^7^                | DC\_5A\_n78A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A^7^             | DC\_7A\_n78A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n28A                   | DC\_7A\_n28A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n51A                   | DC\_7A\_n51A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n78A^7^                | DC\_7A\_n78A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_7C\_n78A^7^                | DC\_7A\_n78A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n40A^7^                | DC\_8A\_n40A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n77A^7^                | DC\_8A\_n77A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n78A^7^                | DC\_8A\_n78A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n79A^7^                | DC\_8A\_n79A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_11A\_n77A^7^               | DC\_11A\_n77A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_11A\_n78A^7^               | DC\_11A\_n78A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_11A\_n79A^7^               | DC\_11A\_n79A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_12A\_n5A                   | DC\_12A\_n5A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_12A\_n66A                  | DC\_12A\_n66A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_18A\_n77A^7^               | DC\_18A\_n77A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_18A\_n78A^7^               | DC\_18A\_n78A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_18A\_n79A^7^               | DC\_18A\_n79A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n77A^7^               | DC\_19A\_n77A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_19A\_n77C^7^               |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n78A^7^               | DC\_19A\_n78A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_19A\_n78C^7^               |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n79A^7^               | DC\_19A\_n79A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_19A\_n79C^7^               |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n8A                   | DC\_20A\_n8A  | DC\_20\_n8        |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n28A^8,10,11^         | DC\_20A\_n28A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n51A                  | DC\_20A\_n51A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n77A^7^               | DC\_20A\_n77A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n78A^7^               | DC\_20A\_n78A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n77A^7^               | DC\_21A\_n77A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_21A\_n77C^7^               |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n78A^7^               | DC\_21A\_n78A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_21A\_n78C^7^               |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n79A^7^               | DC\_21A\_n79A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_21A\_n79C^7^               |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_25A\_n41A                  | DC\_25A\_n41A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_26A\_n41A                  | DC\_26A\_n41A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_26A\_n77A^7^               | DC\_26A\_n77A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_26A\_n78A^7^               | DC\_26A\_n78A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_26A\_n79A^7^               | DC\_26A\_n79A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_28A n51A                   | DC\_28A\_n51A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n77A^7^               | DC\_28A\_n77A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_28A\_n77C^7^               |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n78A^7^               | DC\_28A\_n78A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_28A\_n78C^7^               |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n79A^7^               | DC\_28A\_n79A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_28A\_n79C^7^               |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_30A\_n5A                   | DC\_30A\_n5A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_30A\_n66A                  | DC\_30A\_n66A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_38A\_n78A^7^               | N/A           | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_39A\_n78A^5,7^             | DC\_39A\_n78A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_39A\_n79A^7^               | DC\_39A\_n79A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_40A\_n77A                  | N/A           | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_41A\_n77A                  | DC\_41A\_n77A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_41C\_n77A                  |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_41A\_n78A                  | DC\_41A\_n78A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_41C\_n78A                  |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_41A\_n79A^6,7^             | DC\_41A\_n79A | No                |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_41C\_n79A^6,7^             |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_42A\_n51A                  | DC\_42A\_n51A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_42A\_n77A^3,4,9^           | N/A           | N/A               |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42A\_n77C^3,4,9^           |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42C\_n77A^3,4,9^           |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42C\_n77C^3,4,9^           |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42D\_n77A^3,4,9^           |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42E\_n77A^3,4,9^           |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_42A\_n78A^3,4,9^           | N/A           | N/A               |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42A\_n78C^3,4,9^           |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42C\_n78A^3,4,9^           |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42C\_n78C^3,4,9^           |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42D\_n78A^3,4,9^           |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42E\_n78A^3,4,9^           |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_42A\_n79A^9,15^            | N/A           | N/A               |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42A\_n79C^9,15^            |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42C\_n79A^9,15^            |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42C\_n79C^9,15^            |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42D\_n79A^9,15^            |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_42E\_n79A^9,15^            |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_46A\_n78A^2^               | N/A           | N/A               |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_46C\_n78A^2^               |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_46D\_n78A^2^               |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| DC\_46E\_n78A^2^               |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n5A                   | DC\_66A\_n5A  | DC\_66\_n5        |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n71A                  | DC\_66A\_n71A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n78A                  | DC\_66A\_n78A | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC           |               |                   |
| configurations are the         |               |                   |
| configurations supported by    |               |                   |
| the present release of         |               |                   |
| specifications.                |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 2: Restricted to E-UTRA   |               |                   |
| operation when inter-band      |               |                   |
| carrier aggregation is         |               |                   |
| configured. The downlink       |               |                   |
| operating band for Band 46 is  |               |                   |
| paired with the uplink         |               |                   |
| operating band (external       |               |                   |
| E-UTRA band) of the carrier    |               |                   |
| aggregation configuration that |               |                   |
| is supporting the configured   |               |                   |
| Pcell.                         |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 3: The minimum            |               |                   |
| requirements apply only when   |               |                   |
| there is non-simultaneous      |               |                   |
| Tx/Rx operation between E-UTRA |               |                   |
| and NR carriers. This          |               |                   |
| restriction applies also for   |               |                   |
| these carriers when applicable |               |                   |
| EN-DC configuration is part of |               |                   |
| a higher order EN-DC           |               |                   |
| configuration.                 |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 4: The minimum            |               |                   |
| requirements for intra-band    |               |                   |
| non-contiguous EN-DC apply.    |               |                   |
| When UE capability             |               |                   |
| *interBandContiguousMRDC* is   |               |                   |
| indicated, the minimum         |               |                   |
| requirements for               |               |                   |
| intra-band-contiguous EN-DC    |               |                   |
| also should be met in addtion  |               |                   |
| to intra-band non-contiguous   |               |                   |
| EN-DC*.* The intra-band        |               |                   |
| requirements also apply for    |               |                   |
| these carriers when applicable |               |                   |
| EN-DC configuration is a       |               |                   |
| subset of a higher order EN-DC |               |                   |
| configuration.                 |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 5: The frequency range    |               |                   |
| above 3600 MHz for Band n78 is |               |                   |
| not used in this combination.  |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 6: The frequency range    |               |                   |
| below 2506 MHz for Band 41 is  |               |                   |
| not used in this combination.  |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 7: Applicable for UE      |               |                   |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC    |               |                   |
| with mandatory simultaneous    |               |                   |
| Rx/Tx capability.              |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 8: The frequency range in |               |                   |
| band n28 / 28 is restricted    |               |                   |
| for this band combination to   |               |                   |
| 703 - 733 MHz for the UL and   |               |                   |
| 758-788 MHz for the DL. This   |               |                   |
| restriction also apply for any |               |                   |
| band combinations when         |               |                   |
| DC\_20\_n28/ DC\_28\_n20/      |               |                   |
| CA\_20-28/ CA\_n20-n28 is a    |               |                   |
| subset of a higher order band  |               |                   |
| combination.                   |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 9: The combination is not |               |                   |
| used alone as fall back mode   |               |                   |
| of other band combinations in  |               |                   |
| which UL in Band 42 is not     |               |                   |
| used.                          |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 10: The minimum           |               |                   |
| requirements apply for DL      |               |                   |
| carriers with a maximum power  |               |                   |
| spectral density imbalance of  |               |                   |
| \[6\] dB. The power spectral   |               |                   |
| density imbalance condition    |               |                   |
| also applies for these         |               |                   |
| carriers when applicable EN-DC |               |                   |
| configuration is a subset of a |               |                   |
| higher order EN-DC             |               |                   |
| configuration                  |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 11: The minimum           |               |                   |
| requirements apply for         |               |                   |
| synchronized DL carriers with  |               |                   |
| a maximum receive time         |               |                   |
| difference ≤ 3 usec. The       |               |                   |
| requirements also apply for    |               |                   |
| these carriers when applicable |               |                   |
| EN-DC configuration is a       |               |                   |
| subset of a higher order EN-DC |               |                   |
| configuration                  |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 12: Void.                 |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 13: Void.                 |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 14: Void.                 |               |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
| NOTE 15: Simultaneous Rx/Tx    |               |                   |
| capability does not apply for  |               |                   |
| UEs supporting band 42 with a  |               |                   |
| n77 implementation only. Same  |               |                   |
| restrictions are applied to    |               |                   |
| related higher order           |               |                   |
| configurations.                |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+

#### 5.5B.4.2 Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (three bands)

Table 5.5B.4.2-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (three
bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC                            | Uplink EN-DC                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| configuration                    | configuration                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | (NOTE 1)                         |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n28A                  | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n77A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n77C^5^               | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78C^5^               | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n78A^5^               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79C^5^               | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n28A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A^5^            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n79A                 | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n77C^5^              | DC 19A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n78C^5^              | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79C^5^              | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n28A^6^              | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n77C^5^              | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n78C^5^              | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n28A-n78A^5^             | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n79A                 | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n79C                 | DC\_28A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n77A                 | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n77A                 | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n78A                 | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41C\_n79A                 | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77A                 | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n77A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n77A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n78C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n78A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n78C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n78A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n78A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79A                 | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n79A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n79A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n79A^7^             | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n79A^8^             | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_SUL\_n78A-n84A^5^        | DC\_1A\_n78A,                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n84A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A,   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A\_n66A                  | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n66A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_12A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n71A                 | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-(n)71AA                   | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_(n)71AA                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n3A-n77A                 | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n3A^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n3A-n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n3A^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n28A                  | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7C\_n78A^5^               | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7C\_n78A^5^               | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A^5^            | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77C^5^              | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78C^5^              | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79C^5^              | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n28A^5,6^            | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-20A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77A                 | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77C                 | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n78C^5^              | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n28A-n78A^5^             | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n79A                 | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n79C                 | DC\_28A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-38A\_n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77A                 | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n77A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n77A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n78C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n78A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n78C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n78A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n78A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79A                 | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n79A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n79A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n79A^7^             | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n79A^8^             | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A^5^        | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_SUL\_n78A-n82A^5^        | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n82A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_SUL\_n79A-n80A^5^        | DC\_3A\_n79A,                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n79A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A               | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-30A\_n66A                 | DC\_5A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-20A\_n28A^6^              | DC\_7A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-20A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-28A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7C-28A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n28A-n78A^5^             | DC\_7A\_n28A,                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-46A\_n78A^3^              | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-46C\_n78A^3^              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-46D\_n78A^3^              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-46E\_n78A^3^              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_SUL\_n78A-n81A^5^        | DC\_8A\_n78A,                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n81A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A,   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_SUL\_n79A-n81A^5^        | DC\_8A\_n79A,                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n81A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n79A,   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-30A\_n66A                | DC\_12A\_n66A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-28A\_n77A^5^             | DC\_18A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-28A\_n78A^5^             | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-28A\_n79A^5^             | DC\_18A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78A^5^             | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78C^5^             | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79A^5^             | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79C^5^             | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77A^5^             | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77C^5^             | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77A                | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77C                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78A                | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78C                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79C                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n79A^7^            | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n79A^8^            | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n8A-n75A^6^             | DC\_20A\_n8A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n28A-n75A^6^            | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n28A-n78A^5,6^          | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n75A-n78A^5^            | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n76A-n78A^5^            | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_SUL\_n78A-n82A^5^       | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n82A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_SUL\_n78A-n83A^5^       | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n83A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A\_n77A                | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n77C                | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A\_n78A                | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n78C                | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A\_n79A                | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n79C                | DC\_28A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77A                | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77C                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78A                | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78C                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79C                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n77A-n79A^7^            | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n78A-n79A^8^            | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-42A\_n77A                | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n77C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n77A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-42A\_n78A                | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n78C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n78A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_28A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n79C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n79A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_SUL\_n78A-n83A^5^       | DC\_28A\_n78A,                   |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n83A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A,  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A-42A\_n77A                | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n77A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n77A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n77A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A-42A\_n78A\               | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n78A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n78A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n78A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_41A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n79A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n79A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n79A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_(n)71AA                 | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_(n)71AA                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_SUL\_n78A-n86A^5^       | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n86A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: Only single switched UL  |                                  |
| is supported in Rel-15           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 3: Restricted to E-UTRA     |                                  |
| operation when inter-band        |                                  |
| carrier aggregation is           |                                  |
| configured. The downlink         |                                  |
| operating band for Band 46 is    |                                  |
| paired with the uplink operating |                                  |
| band (external E-UTRA band) of   |                                  |
| the carrier aggregation          |                                  |
| configuration that is supporting |                                  |
| the configured Pcell.            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 4: If a UE is configured    |                                  |
| with both NR UL and NR SUL       |                                  |
| carriers in a cell, the          |                                  |
| switching time between NR UL     |                                  |
| carrier and NR SUL carrier can   |                                  |
| be up to 140us and placed in SUL |                                  |
| resources.                       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 5: Applicable for UE        |                                  |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with |                                  |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx     |                                  |
| capability                       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 6: The frequency range in   |                                  |
| band n28 is restricted for this  |                                  |
| band combination to 703-733 MHz  |                                  |
| for the UL and 758-788 MHz for   |                                  |
| the DL.                          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 7: The minimum requirements |                                  |
| apply only when there is         |                                  |
| non-simultaneous Rx/Tx operation |                                  |
| between n77-n79 NR carriers.     |                                  |
| This restriction applies also    |                                  |
| for these carriers when          |                                  |
| applicable EN-DC configuration   |                                  |
| is part of a higher order        |                                  |
| configuration.                   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 8: For UEs supporting band  |                                  |
| n77, the minimum requirements    |                                  |
| apply only when there is         |                                  |
| non-simultaneous Rx/Tx operation |                                  |
| between n78-n79 NR carriers.     |                                  |
| This restriction applies also    |                                  |
| for these carriers when          |                                  |
| applicable EN-DC configuration   |                                  |
| is part of a higher order        |                                  |
| configuration.                   |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.4.3 Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (four bands)

Table 5.5B.4.3-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (four
bands)

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| EN-DC                                               | Uplink EN-DC  |
|                                                     |               |
| configuration                                       | configuration |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (NOTE 1)      |
+=====================================================+===============+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A^2^                               | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_5A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n28A                                  | DC\_1A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A^2^                               | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3C-7A\_n78A^2^                               | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A^2^                            | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A^2^                               | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_8A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n77A^2^                              | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n77C^2^                              | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_19A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n78A^2^                              | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n78C^2^                              | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_19A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n79A^2^                              | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n79C^2^                              | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_19A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A\_n28A^3^                              | DC\_1A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A\_n78A^2^                              | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77A^2^                              | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77C^2^                              | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78A^2^                              | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78C^2^                              | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79A^2^                              | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79C^2^                              | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n77A^2^                              | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n78A^2^                              | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n79A^2^                              | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n28A-n78A^2^                             | DC\_1A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n77A                                 | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n77C                                 | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n77A                                 |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n77C                                 |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n78A                                 | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n78C                                 | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n78A                                 |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n78C                                 |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n79A                                 | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n79C                                 | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n79A                                 |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n79C                                 |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_5A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A                               | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_5A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-20A\_n28A^3^                              | DC\_1A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-20A\_n78A^2^                              | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n28A-n78A^2^                             | DC\_1A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-28A\_n77A                                | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_18A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-28A\_n78A                                | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_18A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-28A\_n79A^2^                             | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_18A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n77A                                | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n77C                                | DC\_19A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n78A                                | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n78C                                | DC\_19A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n79A                                | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n79C                                | DC\_19A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n77A                                | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n77C                                | DC\_19A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n77A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n77C                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n78A                                | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n78C                                | DC\_19A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n78A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n78C                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79A                                | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79C                                | DC\_19A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79C                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3^                          | DC\_1A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A\_n77A^2^                             | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A\_n78A^2^                             | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A\_n79A^2^                             | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77A                                | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77C                                | DC\_21A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77C                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78A                                | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78C                                | DC\_21A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78C                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79A                                | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79C                                | DC\_21A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79C                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n77A                                | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n77A                                | DC\_28A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n78A                                | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n78A                                | DC\_28A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n79A                                | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n79A                                | DC\_28A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n77A                                | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n77A                                | DC\_41A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n77A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n77A                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n78A                                | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n78A                                | DC\_41A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n78A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n78A                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n79A                                | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n79A                                | DC\_41A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n79A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n79A                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_2A-66A-(n)71AA                                  | DC\_2A\_n71A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_66A\_n71A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_(n)71AA   |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_5A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A                               | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_5A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-20A\_n28A^3^                              | DC\_3A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-20A\_n78A^2^                              | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-28A\_n78A^2^                              | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-7C-28A\_n78A^2^                              | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n28A-n78A^2^                             | DC\_3A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n77A^2^                             | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n77C^2^                             | DC\_19A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n78A^2^                             | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n78C^2^                             | DC\_19A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n79A^2^                             | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n79C^2^                             | DC\_19A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n77A                                | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n77C                                | DC\_19A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n77A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n77C                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n78A                                | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n78C                                | DC\_19A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n78A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n78C                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n79A^2^                             | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n79C^2^                             | DC\_19A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n79A^2^                             |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n79C^2^                             |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3^                          | DC\_3A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n77A                                | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n77C                                | DC\_21A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n77A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n77C                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n78A                                | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n78C                                | DC\_21A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n78A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n78C                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n79A                                | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n79C                                | DC\_21A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n79A                                |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n79C                                |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n77A                                | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n77A                                | DC\_28A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n78A                                | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n78A                                | DC\_28A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n79A                                | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n79A                                | DC\_28A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_7A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3^                          | DC\_7A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77A                               | DC\_19A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77C                               | DC\_21A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77A                               |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77C                               |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78A                               | DC\_19A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78C                               | DC\_21A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78A                               |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78C                               |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79A                               | DC\_19A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79C                               | DC\_21A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79A                               |               |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79C                               |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_21A-28A-42A\_n77A                               | DC\_21A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_21A-28A-42C\_n77A                               | DC\_28A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_21A-28A-42A\_n78A                               | DC\_21A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_21A-28A-42C\_n78A                               | DC\_28A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_21A-28A-42A\_n79A                               | DC\_21A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_21A-28A-42C\_n79A                               | DC\_28A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC configurations are the         |               |
| configurations supported by the present release of  |               |
| specifications.                                     |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band     |               |
| EN-DC with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability  |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 3: The frequency range in band n28 is          |               |
| restricted for this band combination to 703-733 MHz |               |
| for the UL and 758-788 MHz for the DL.              |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

#### 5.5B.4.4 Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (five bands)

Table 5.5B.4.4-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (five
bands)

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| EN-DC                                               | Uplink EN-DC  |
|                                                     |               |
| configuration                                       | configuration |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (NOTE 1)      |
+=====================================================+===============+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A                               | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_5A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A                            | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_5A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-20A\_n28A^3^                           | DC\_1A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-20A\_n78A^2^                           | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n28A-n78A^2^                          | DC\_1A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n77A^2^                          | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n77C^2^                          | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_19A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n78A^2^                          | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n78C^2^                          | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_19A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n79A^2^                          | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n79C^2^                          | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_19A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_21A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n77A                             | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n77C                             | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n77A                             | DC\_19A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n77C                             |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n78A                             | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n78C                             | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n78A                             | DC\_19A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n78C                             |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n79A                             | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n79C                             | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n79A                             | DC\_19A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n79C                             |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3^                       | DC\_1A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n77A                             | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n77C                             | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n77A                             | DC\_21A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n77C                             |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n78A                             | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n78C                             | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n78A                             | DC\_21A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n78C                             |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n79A                             | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n79C                             | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n79A                             | DC\_21A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n79C                             |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n77A                             | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n77A                             | DC\_3A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n78A                             | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n78A                             | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n79A                             | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n79A                             | DC\_3A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3^                       | DC\_1A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n77A                            | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n77C                            | DC\_19A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n77A                            | DC\_21A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n77C                            |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n78A                            | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n78C                            | DC\_19A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n78A                            | DC\_21A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n78C                            |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n79A                            | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n79C                            | DC\_19A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n79A                            | DC\_21A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n79C                            |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42A\_n77A                            | DC\_1A\_n77A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42C\_n77A                            | DC\_21A\_n77A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n77A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42A\_n78A                            | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42C\_n78A                            | DC\_21A\_n78A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42A\_n79A                            | DC\_1A\_n79A  |
|                                                     |               |
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42C\_n79A                            | DC\_21A\_n79A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_28A\_n79A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3^                       | DC\_3A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC configurations are the         |               |
| configurations supported by the present release of  |               |
| specifications.                                     |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band     |               |
| EN-DC with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability  |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 3: The frequency range in band n28 is          |               |
| restricted for this band combination to 703-733 MHz |               |
| for the UL and 758-788 MHz for the DL               |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

#### 5.5B.4.5 Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (six bands)

Table 5.5B.4.5-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (six bands)

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| EN-DC                                               | Uplink EN-DC  |
|                                                     |               |
| configuration                                       | configuration |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (NOTE 1)      |
+=====================================================+===============+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3^                    | DC\_1A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC configurations are the         |               |
| configurations supported by the present release of  |               |
| specifications.                                     |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band     |               |
| EN-DC with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability  |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 3: The frequency range in band n28 is          |               |
| restricted for this band combination to 703-733 MHz |               |
| for the UL and 758-788 MHz for the DL               |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

### 5.5B.4a Inter-band NE-DC within FR1

#### 5.5B.4a.1 Inter-band NE-DC configurations within FR1 (two bands)

Table 5.5B.4a.1-1: Inter-band NE-DC configurations within FR1 (two
bands)

+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| NE-DC                          | Uplink NE-DC  | Single UL allowed |
|                                |               |                   |
| configuration                  | configuration |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
|                                | (NOTE 1)      |                   |
+================================+===============+===================+
| DC\_n1A\_28A                   | DC\_n1A\_28A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink NE-DC           |               |                   |
| configurations are the         |               |                   |
| configurations supported by    |               |                   |
| the present release of         |               |                   |
| specifications.                |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+

### 5.5B.5 Inter-band EN-DC including FR2

#### 5.5B.5.1 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (two bands)

Table 5.5B.5.1-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (two
bands)

+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| EN-DC                                              | Uplink EN-DC   |
|                                                    |                |
| configuration                                      | configuration  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | (NOTE 1)       |
+====================================================+================+
| DC\_1A\_n257A                                      | DC\_1A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A\_n257D\                                     |                |
| DC\_1A\_n257E\                                     |                |
| DC\_1A\_n257F                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n257A                                      | DC\_2A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2C\_n257A                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n257(2A)                                   | DC\_2A\_n257A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A-2A\_n257A                                   | DC\_2A\_n257A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n260A                                      | DC\_2A\_n260A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A\_n260G                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A\_n260H                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A\_n260I                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A\_n260J                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A\_n260K                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A\_n260L                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A\_n260M                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2C\_n260A                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n260(2A)                                   | DC\_2A\_n260   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260A                                   | DC\_2A\_n260A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260G                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260H                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260I                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260J                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260K                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260L                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260M                                   |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n257A                                      | DC\_3A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A\_n257D                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A\_n257E                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A\_n257F                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n258A                                      | DC\_3A\_n258A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n257A                                      | DC\_5A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5B\_n257A                                      | DC\_5B\_n257A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A-5A\_n257A                                   | DC\_5A\_n257A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n260A                                      | DC\_5A\_n260A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260B                                      | DC\_5B\_n260A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260C                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260D                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260E                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260F                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260G                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260H                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260I                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260J                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260K                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260L                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260M                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260O                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260P                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260Q                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5B\_n260A                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A)                                   | DC\_5A\_n260A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3A)                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4A)                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-I)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-G)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-H)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-I)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-O)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-P)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-Q)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(E-O)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(E-P)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(E-Q)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n260(G-I)                                  |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A-5A\_n260A                                   | DC\_5A\_n260A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n261A                                      | DC\_5A\_n261A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261B                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261C                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261D                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261E                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261F                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261G                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261H                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261I                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261J                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261K                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261L                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261M                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261O                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261P                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261Q                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n261(2A)                                   | DC\_5A\_n261A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261(3A)                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261(4A)                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-G)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-H)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-I)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-O)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-P)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-Q)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261(E-O)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261(E-P)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_5A\_n261(E-Q)                                  |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n257A                                      | DC\_7A\_n257A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257A                                   | DC\_7A\_n257A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n258A                                      | DC\_7A\_n258A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_8A\_n257A                                      | DC\_8A\_n257A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_8A\_n258A                                      | DC\_8A\_n258A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_11A\_n257A                                     | DC\_11A\_n257A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_12A\_n260A                                     | DC\_12A\_n260A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_12A\_n260G                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_12A\_n260H                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_12A\_n260I                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_12A\_n260J                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_12A\_n260K                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_12A\_n260L                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_12A\_n260M                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_12A\_n260(A-I)                                 | DC\_12A\_n260A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_12A\_n260(G-I)                                 |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_13A\_n257A                                     | DC\_13A\_n257A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_13A\_n260A                                     | DC\_13A\_n260A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_18A\_n257A                                     | DC\_18A\_n257A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_19A\_n257A                                     | DC\_19A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_19A\_n257D                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_19A\_n257E                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_19A\_n257F                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n258A                                     | DC\_20A\_n258A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_21A\_n257A                                     | DC\_21A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_21A\_n257D                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_21A\_n257E                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_21A\_n257F                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_26A\_n257A                                     | DC\_26A\_n257A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_28A\_n257A                                     | DC\_28A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_28A\_n257D                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_28A\_n257E                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_28A\_n257F                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_28A\_n258A                                     | DC\_28A\_n258A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_30A\_n260A                                     | DC\_30A\_n260A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_30A\_n260G                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_30A\_n260H                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_30A\_n260I                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_30A\_n260J                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_30A\_n260K                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_30A\_n260L                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_30A\_n260M                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_30A\_n260(A-I)                                 | DC\_30A\_n260A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_30A\_n260(G-I)                                 |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_39A\_n258A                                     | DC\_39A\_n258A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_41A\_n257A                                     | DC\_41A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_41C\_n257A                                     | DC\_41C\_n257A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_41A\_n258A                                     | DC\_41A\_n258A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_42A\_n257A                                     | DC\_42A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_42C\_n257A                                     | DC\_42C\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_42A\_n257D                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_42A\_n257E                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_42A\_n257F                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_42C\_n257D                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_42C\_n257E                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_42C\_n257F                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_42D\_n257A                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_42E\_n257A                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_48A\_n257A                                     | DC\_48A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_48C\_n257A                                     | DC\_48C\_n257A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_48A-48A\_n257A                                 | DC\_48A\_n257A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_48A\_n260A                                     | DC\_48A\_n260A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_48C\_n260A                                     | DC\_48C\_n260A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_48A-48A\_n260A                                 | DC\_48A\_n260A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n257A                                     | DC\_66A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n257G                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n257H                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n257I                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n257J                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n257K                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n257L                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n257M                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66C\_n257A                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n257(2A)                                  | DC\_66A\_n257A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A-66A\_n257A                                 | DC\_66A\_n257A |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n260A                                     | DC\_66A\_n260A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260D                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260E                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260F                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260G                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260H                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260I                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260J                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260K                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260L                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260M                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260O                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260P                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260Q                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A)                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3A)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4A)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-I)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-G)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-H)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-I)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-O)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-P)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-Q)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(E-O)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(E-P)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(E-Q)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n260(G-I)                                 |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260A                                 | DC\_66A\_n260A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260G                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260H                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260I                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260J                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260K                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260L                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260M                                 |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n261A                                     | DC\_66A\_n261A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261D                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261E                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261F                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261G                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261H                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261I                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261J                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261K                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261L                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261M                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261O                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261P                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261Q                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n261(2A)                                  | DC\_66A\_n261A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261(3A)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261(4A)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-G)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-H)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-I)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-O)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-P)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-Q)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261(E-O)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261(E-P)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_66A\_n261(E-Q)                                 |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC configurations are the        |                |
| configurations supported by the present release of |                |
| specifications.                                    |                |
|                                                    |                |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band    |                |
| EN-DC with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability |                |
| for all of the above combinations                  |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+

#### 5.5B.5.2 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (three bands)

Table 5.5B.5.2-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (three
bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257D^2^              | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257E^2^              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257F^2^              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257E^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257F^2^             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257E^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257F^2^             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n257E^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n257F^2^             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257A                | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257A                | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257A                | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257D                | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257E                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257F                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257D                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257E                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257F                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_2A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260A                 | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260G                 | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260H                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260I                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260J                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260K                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260L                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260M                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260G                | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_2A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260A^2^             | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260G                | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_2A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260G                | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257E^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257F^2^             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257E^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257F^2^             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257E^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257F^2^             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257A                | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257E^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257F^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257A^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257D^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257E^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257F^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257A^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257A^2^             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257A              | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260A                | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260G                | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A\_n257A                | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260A                | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260G                | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260A               | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260G               | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260A               | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260G               | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_13A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260A^2^            | DC\_13A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-28A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257D^2^            | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257F^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n257D^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n257F^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n257A^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n257D^2^            | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n257F^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257D^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257F^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n257A^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-42C\_n257A^2^            | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260A               | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260G               | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257A               | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257A               | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257A               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE        |                                  |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with |                                  |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx     |                                  |
| capability                       |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.5.3 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (four bands)

Table 5.5B.5.3-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (four
bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n257A           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n257A^2^          | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n257A^2^          | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n257A^2^          | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n257A             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257A             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257D             | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257E             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257F             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257A           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-28A\_n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257D            | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257E            | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257F            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257E            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257F            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A\_n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257E            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257F            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257A            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257A            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n257A^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n257E            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n257F            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n257E            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n257F            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n257A^2^        | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n257A^2^        | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n257D^2^        | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n257E^2^        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n257F^2^        |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A-42A\_n257A^2^        | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A-42C\_n257A^2^        | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE        |                                  |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with |                                  |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx     |                                  |
| capability                       |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.5.4 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (five bands)

Table 5.5B.5.4-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (five
bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257A           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257A        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n257A         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n257D         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n257E         | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n257F         | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257A         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257D         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257E         | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257F         | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257A         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257D         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257E         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257F         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n257A         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257A         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257D         | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257E         | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257F         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n257A         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n257A         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257A        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257D        | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257E        | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257F        | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257A        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257D        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257E        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257F        |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-28A-42C\_n257A        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42A\_n257A        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.NOTE 2: Void      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.5.5 Void

### 5.5B.6 Inter-band EN-DC including FR1 and FR2

#### 5.5B.6.1 Void

#### 5.5B.6.2 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2 (three bands)

Table 5.5B.6.2-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2
(three bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n257A               | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n257D               | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n257E               | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77C-n257A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77C-n257D               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77C-n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77C-n257F               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257A               | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257D               | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257E               | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78C-n257A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78C-n257D               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78C-n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78C-n257F               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257A               | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257D               | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257E               | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79C-n257A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79C-n257D               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79C-n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79C-n257F               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n257A               | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n257D               | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n257E               | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77C-n257A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77C-n257D               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77C-n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77C-n257F               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257A               | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257D               | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257E               | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78C-n257A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78C-n257D               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78C-n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78C-n257F               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n257A               | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n257D               | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n257E               | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79C-n257A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79C-n257D               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79C-n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79C-n257F               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257A^2^            | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257A               | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257A            | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A-n257A               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n257A              | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n257D              | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n257E              | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77C-n257A              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77C-n257D              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77C-n257E              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77C-n257F              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n257A              | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n257D              | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n257E              | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78C-n257A              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78C-n257D              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78C-n257E              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78C-n257F              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n79A-n257A              | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79A-n257D              | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79A-n257E              | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79A-n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79C-n257A              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79C-n257D              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79C-n257E              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79C-n257F              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n77A-n257A              | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n78A-n257A              | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n79A-n257A              | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE        |                                  |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with |                                  |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx     |                                  |
| capability                       |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.6.3 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2 (four bands)

Table 5.5B.6.3-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2
(four bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257A            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257A            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257A            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257A            | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257A            | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257A            | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.6.4 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2 (five bands)

Table 5.5B.6.4-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2
(five bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.6.5 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2 (six bands)

Table 5.5B.6.5-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2
(six bands)

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| EN-DC                                               | Uplink EN-DC  |
|                                                     |               |
| configuration                                       | configuration |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (NOTE 1)      |
+=====================================================+===============+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257A                         | DC\_1A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_1A\_n257A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_3A\_n257A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_5A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_5A\_n257A |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A  |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | DC\_7A\_n257A |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC configurations are the         |               |
| configurations supported by the present release of  |               |
| specifications.                                     |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

### 5.5B.7 Inter-band NR-DC between FR1 and FR2

#### 5.5B.7.0 General

The configurations and bandwidth combination sets for the FR1-FR2 NR-DC
combinations in the following sub-section are defined in the tables for
FR1-FR2 carrier aggregation in section 5.5A.1.

#### 5.5B.7.1 Inter-band NR-DC configurations between FR1 and FR2 (two bands)

Table 5.5B.7-1: Inter-band NR-DC configurations between FR1 and FR2 (two
bands)

+----------------+----------------+
| Downlink NR DC | Uplink NR DC   |
|                |                |
| configuration  | configuration  |
+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_n77A-n257A | DC\_n77A-n257A |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257D |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257E |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257F |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257G |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257H |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257I |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257J |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257K |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257L |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257M |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77C-n257A |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77C-n257D |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77C-n257E |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n77C-n257F |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_n78A-n257A | DC\_n78A-n257A |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257D |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257E |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257F |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257G |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257H |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257I |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257J |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257K |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257L |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257M |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78C-n257A |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78C-n257D |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78C-n257E |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n78C-n257F |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_n79A-n257A | DC\_n79A-n257A |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257D |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257E |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257F |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257G |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257H |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257I |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257J |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257K |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257L |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257M |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79C-n257A |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79C-n257D |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79C-n257E |                |
|                |                |
| DC\_n79C-n257F |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |
+----------------+----------------+
