3GPP TS 38.323 V15.8.0 (2021-06)

Technical Specification

3rd Generation Partnership Project;

Technical Specification Group Radio Access Network;

NR;

Packet Data Convergence Protocol (PDCP) specification

(Release 15)

The present document has been developed within the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP ^TM^) and may be further elaborated for the
purposes of 3GPP.\
The present document has not been subject to any approval process by the
3GPP Organizational Partners and shall not be implemented.\
This Specification is provided for future development work within 3GPP
only. The Organizational Partners accept no liability for any use of
this Specification.\
Specifications and Reports for implementation of the 3GPP ^TM^ system
should be obtained via the 3GPP Organizational Partners\' Publications
Offices.

> ***3GPP***
>
> Postal address
>
> 3GPP support office address
>
> 650 Route des Lucioles - Sophia Antipolis
>
> Valbonne - FRANCE
>
> Tel.: +33 4 92 94 42 00 Fax: +33 4 93 65 47 16
>
> Internet
>
> http://www.3gpp.org

***Copyright Notification***

No part may be reproduced except as authorized by written permission.\
The copyright and the foregoing restriction extend to reproduction in
all media.

© 2021, 3GPP Organizational Partners (ARIB, ATIS, CCSA, ETSI, TSDSI,
TTA, TTC).

All rights reserved.

UMTS™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its members

3GPP™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its Members
and of the 3GPP Organizational Partners\
LTE™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its Members
and of the 3GPP Organizational Partners

GSM® and the GSM logo are registered and owned by the GSM Association

 Contents {#contents .TT}
========

Foreword 5

1 Scope 6

2 References 6

3 Definitions and abbreviations 6

3.1 Definitions 6

3.2 Abbreviations 7

4 General 7

4.1 Introduction 7

4.2 Architecture 7

4.2.1 PDCP structure 7

4.2.2 PDCP entities 8

4.3 Services 9

4.3.1 Services provided to upper layers 9

4.3.2 Services expected from lower layers 9

4.4 Functions 10

5 Procedures 10

5.1 PDCP entity handling 10

5.1.1 PDCP entity establishment 10

5.1.2 PDCP entity re-establishment 10

5.1.3 PDCP entity release 11

5.1.4 PDCP entity suspend 12

5.2 Data transfer 12

5.2.1 Transmit operation 12

5.2.2 Receive operation 13

5.2.2.1 Actions when a PDCP Data PDU is received from lower layers 13

5.2.2.2 Actions when a *t-Reordering* expires 14

5.2.2.3 Actions when the value of *t-Reordering* is reconfigured 14

5.3 SDU discard 15

5.4 Status reporting 15

5.4.1 Transmit operation 15

5.4.2 Receive operation 15

5.5 Data recovery 15

5.6 Data volume calculation 16

5.7 Header compression and decompression 16

5.7.1 Supported header compression protocols and profiles 16

5.7.2 Configuration of header compression 17

5.7.3 Protocol parameters 17

5.7.4 Header compression 17

5.7.5 Header decompression 18

5.7.6 PDCP Control PDU for interspersed ROHC feedback 18

5.7.6.1 Transmit Operation 18

5.7.6.2 Receive Operation 18

5.8 Ciphering and deciphering 18

5.9 Integrity protection and verification 19

5.10 Handling of unknown, unforeseen, and erroneous protocol data 19

5.11 PDCP duplication 19

5.11.1 Activation/Deactivation of PDCP duplication 19

5.11.2 Duplicate PDU discard 20

6 Protocol data units, formats, and parameters 20

6.1 Protocol data units 20

6.1.1 Data PDU 20

6.1.2 Control PDU 20

6.2 Formats 20

6.2.1 General 20

6.2.2 Data PDU 20

6.2.2.1 Data PDU for SRBs 20

6.2.2.2 Data PDU for DRBs with 12 bits PDCP SN 21

6.2.2.3 Data PDU for DRBs with 18 bits PDCP SN 21

6.2.3 Control PDU 22

6.2.3.1 Control PDU for PDCP status report 22

6.2.3.2 Control PDU for interspersed ROHC feedback 22

6.3 Parameters 23

6.3.1 General 23

6.3.2 PDCP SN 23

6.3.3 Data 23

6.3.4 MAC-I 23

6.3.5 COUNT 23

6.3.6 R 24

6.3.7 D/C 24

6.3.8 PDU type 24

6.3.9 FMC 24

6.3.10 Bitmap 24

6.3.11 Interspersed ROHC feedback 25

7 State variables, constants, and timers 25

7.1 State variables 25

7.2 Constants 25

7.3 Timers 25

Annex A (informative): Change history 26

 Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

 1 Scope
=======

The present document provides the description of the Packet Data
Convergence Protocol (PDCP).

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.300: \"NG Radio Access Network; Overall description\".

\[3\] 3GPP TS 38.331: \"NR Radio Resource Control (RRC); Protocol
Specification\".

\[4\] 3GPP TS 38.321: \"NR Medium Access Control (MAC) protocol
specification\".

\[5\] 3GPP TS 38.322: \"NR Radio Link Control (RLC) protocol
specification\".

\[6\] 3GPP TS 33.501: \"Security Architecture and Procedures for 5G
System \".

\[7\] IETF RFC 5795: \"The RObust Header Compression (ROHC) Framework\".

\[8\] IETF RFC 3095: \"RObust Header Compression (ROHC): Framework and
four profiles: RTP, UDP, ESP and uncompressed\".

\[9\] IETF RFC 4815: \"RObust Header Compression (ROHC): Corrections and
Clarifications to RFC 3095\".

\[10\] IETF RFC 6846: \"RObust Header Compression (ROHC): A Profile for
TCP/IP (ROHC-TCP)\".

\[11\] IETF RFC 5225: \"RObust Header Compression (ROHC) Version 2:
Profiles for RTP, UDP, IP, ESP and UDP Lite\".

\[12\] 3GPP TS 36.321: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) Medium Access Control (MAC) protocol specification\".

3 Definitions and abbreviations
===============================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same term,
if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

**AM DRB**: a data radio bearer which utilizes RLC AM.

**Non-split bearer**: a bearer whose radio protocols are located in
either the MgNB or the SgNB to use MgNB or SgNB resource, respectively.

**PDCP data volume**: the amount of data available for transmission in a
PDCP entity.

**Split bearer**: in dual connectivity, a bearer whose radio protocols
are located in both the MgNB and the SgNB to use both MgNB and SgNB
resources.

**UM DRB**: a data radio bearer which utilizes RLC UM.

3.2 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in TR
21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

AM Acknowledged Mode

CID Context Identifier

DRB Data Radio Bearer carrying user plane data

gNB NR Node B

HFN Hyper Frame Number

IETF Internet Engineering Task Force

IP Internet Protocol

MAC Medium Access Control

MAC-I Message Authentication Code for Integrity

PDCP Packet Data Convergence Protocol

PDU Protocol Data Unit

RB Radio Bearer

RFC Request For Comments

RLC Radio Link Control

ROHC RObust Header Compression

RRC Radio Resource Control

RTP Real Time Protocol

SAP Service Access Point

SDU Service Data Unit

SN Sequence Number

SRB Signalling Radio Bearer carrying control plane data

TCP Transmission Control Protocol

UDP User Datagram Protocol

UE User Equipment

UM Unacknowledged Mode

X-MAC Computed MAC-I

4 General
=========

4.1 Introduction
----------------

The present document describes the functionality of the PDCP.

4.2 Architecture
----------------

### 4.2.1 PDCP structure

Figure 4.2.1.1 represents one possible structure for the PDCP sublayer;
it should not restrict implementation. The figure is based on the radio
interface protocol architecture defined in TS 38.300 \[2\].

Figure 4.2.1-1: PDCP layer, structure view

The PDCP sublayer is configured by upper layers TS 38.331 \[3\]. The
PDCP sublayer is used for RBs mapped on DCCH and DTCH type of logical
channels. The PDCP sublayer is not used for any other type of logical
channels.

Each RB (except for SRB0) is associated with one PDCP entity. Each PDCP
entity is associated with one, two, or four RLC entities depending on
the RB characteristic (e.g. uni-directional/bi-directional or
split/non-split) or RLC mode:

\- For split bearers or for RBs configured with PDCP duplication, each
PDCP entity is associated with two UM RLC entities (for same direction),
four UM RLC entities (two for each direction), or two AM RLC entities;

\- Otherwise, each PDCP entity is associated with one UM RLC entity, two
UM RLC entities (one for each direction), or one AM RLC entity.

### 4.2.2 PDCP entities

The PDCP entities are located in the PDCP sublayer. Several PDCP
entities may be defined for a UE. Each PDCP entity is carrying the data
of one radio bearer.

A PDCP entity is associated either to the control plane or the user
plane depending on which radio bearer it is carrying data for.

Figure 4.2.2.1 represents the functional view of the PDCP entity for the
PDCP sublayer; it should not restrict implementation. The figure is
based on the radio interface protocol architecture defined in TS 38.300
\[2\].

For split bearers, routing is performed in the transmitting PDCP entity.

Figure 4.2.2-1: PDCP layer, functional view

4.3 Services
------------

### 4.3.1 Services provided to upper layers

The PDCP layer provides its services to the RRC or SDAP layers. The
following services are provided by PDCP to upper layers:

\- transfer of user plane data;

\- transfer of control plane data;

\- header compression;

\- ciphering;

\- integrity protection.

The maximum supported size of a PDCP SDU is 9000 bytes. The maximum
supported size of a PDCP Control PDU is 9000 bytes.

### 4.3.2 Services expected from lower layers

A PDCP entity expects the following services from lower layers per RLC
entity (for a detailed description see TS 38.322 \[5\]):

\- acknowledged data transfer service, including indication of
successful delivery of PDCP PDUs;

\- unacknowledged data transfer service.

4.4 Functions
-------------

The PDCP layer supports the following functions:

\- transfer of data (user plane or control plane);

\- maintenance of PDCP SNs;

\- header compression and decompression using the ROHC protocol;

\- ciphering and deciphering;

\- integrity protection and integrity verification;

\- timer based SDU discard;

\- for split bearers, routing;

\- duplication;

\- reordering and in-order delivery;

\- out-of-order delivery;

\- duplicate discarding.

5 Procedures
============

5.1 PDCP entity handling
------------------------

### 5.1.1 PDCP entity establishment

When upper layers request a PDCP entity establishment for a radio
bearer, the UE shall:

\- establish a PDCP entity for the radio bearer;

\- set the state variables of the PDCP entity to initial values;

\- follow the procedures in clause 5.2.

### 5.1.2 PDCP entity re-establishment

When upper layers request a PDCP entity re-establishment, the UE shall
additionally perform once the procedures described in this clause. After
performing the procedures in this clause, the UE shall follow the
procedures in clause 5.2.

When upper layers request a PDCP entity re-establishment, the
transmitting PDCP entity shall:

\- for UM DRBs and AM DRBs, reset the header compression protocol for
uplink and start with an IR state in U-mode (as defined in RFC 3095
\[8\] and RFC 4815 \[9\]) if *drb-ContinueROHC* is not configured in TS
38.331 \[3\];

\- for UM DRBs and SRBs, set TX\_NEXT to the initial value;

\- for SRBs, discard all stored PDCP SDUs and PDCP PDUs;

\- apply the ciphering algorithm and key provided by upper layers during
the PDCP entity re-establishment procedure;

\- apply the integrity protection algorithm and key provided by upper
layers during the PDCP entity re-establishment procedure;

\- for UM DRBs, for each PDCP SDU already associated with a PDCP SN but
for which a corresponding PDU has not previously been submitted to lower
layers, and;

\- for AM DRBs whose PDCP entities were suspended, from the first PDCP
SDU for which the successful delivery of the corresponding PDCP Data PDU
has not been confirmed by lower layers, for each PDCP SDU already
associated with a PDCP SN:

\- consider the PDCP SDUs as received from upper layer;

\- perform transmission of the PDCP SDUs in ascending order of the COUNT
value associated to the PDCP SDU prior to the PDCP re-establishment
without restarting the *discardTimer*, as specified in clause 5.2.1;

\- for AM DRBs whose PDCP entities were not suspended, from the first
PDCP SDU for which the successful delivery of the corresponding PDCP
Data PDU has not been confirmed by lower layers, perform retransmission
or transmission of all the PDCP SDUs already associated with PDCP SNs in
ascending order of the COUNT values associated to the PDCP SDU prior to
the PDCP entity re-establishment as specified below:

\- perform header compression of the PDCP SDU as specified in the clause
5.7.4;

\- perform integrity protection and ciphering of the PDCP SDU using the
COUNT value associated with this PDCP SDU as specified in the clause 5.9
and 5.8;

\- submit the resulting PDCP Data PDU to lower layer, as specified in
clause 5.2.1.

When upper layers request a PDCP entity re-establishment, the receiving
PDCP entity shall:

\- process the PDCP Data PDUs that are received from lower layers due to
the re-establishment of the lower layers, as specified in the clause
5.2.2.1;

\- for SRBs, discard all stored PDCP SDUs and PDCP PDUs;

\- for SRBs and UM DRBs, if *t-Reordering* is running:

\- stop and reset *t-Reordering*;

\- for UM DRBs, deliver all stored PDCP SDUs to the upper layers in
ascending order of associated COUNT values after performing header
decompression;

\- for AM DRBs, perform header decompression for all stored PDCP SDUs if
*drb-ContinueROHC* is not configured in TS 38.331 \[3\];

\- for UM DRBs and AM DRBs, reset the header compression protocol for
downlink and start with NC state in U-mode (as defined in RFC 3095 \[8\]
and RFC 4815 \[9\]) if *drb-ContinueROHC* is not configured in TS 38.331
\[3\];

\- for UM DRBs and SRBs, set RX\_NEXT and RX\_DELIV to the initial
value;

\- apply the ciphering algorithm and key provided by upper layers during
the PDCP entity re-establishment procedure;

\- apply the integrity protection algorithm and key provided by upper
layers during the PDCP entity re-establishment procedure.

### 5.1.3 PDCP entity release

When upper layers request a PDCP entity release for a radio bearer, the
UE shall:

\- discard all stored PDCP SDUs and PDCP PDUs in the transmitting PDCP
entity;

\- for UM DRBs and AM DRBs, deliver the PDCP SDUs stored in the
receiving PDCP entity to upper layers in ascending order of associated
COUNT values after performing header decompression, if not decompressed
before;

\- release the PDCP entity for the radio bearer.

### 5.1.4 PDCP entity suspend

When upper layers request a PDCP entity suspend, the transmitting PDCP
entity shall:

\- set TX\_NEXT to the initial value;

\- discard all stored PDCP PDUs;

When upper layers request a PDCP entity suspend, the receiving PDCP
entity shall:

\- if t-*Reordering* is running:

\- stop and reset *t-Reordering*;

\- deliver all stored PDCP SDUs to the upper layers in ascending order
of associated COUNT values after performing header decompression;

\- set RX\_NEXT and RX\_DELIV to the initial value.

5.2 Data transfer
-----------------

### 5.2.1 Transmit operation

At reception of a PDCP SDU from upper layers, the transmitting PDCP
entity shall:

\- start the *discardTimer* associated with this PDCP SDU (if
configured).

For a PDCP SDU received from upper layers, the transmitting PDCP entity
shall:

\- associate the COUNT value corresponding to TX\_NEXT to this PDCP SDU;

NOTE 1: Associating more than half of the PDCP SN space of contiguous
PDCP SDUs with PDCP SNs, when e.g., the PDCP SDUs are discarded or
transmitted without acknowledgement, may cause HFN desynchronization
problem. How to prevent HFN desynchronization problem is left up to UE
implementation.

\- perform header compression of the PDCP SDU as specified in the clause
5.7.4;

\- perform integrity protection, and ciphering using the TX\_NEXT as
specified in the clause 5.9 and 5.8, respectively;

\- set the PDCP SN of the PDCP Data PDU to TX\_NEXT modulo
2^\[*pdcp-SN-SizeUL*\]^;

\- increment TX\_NEXT by one;

\- submit the resulting PDCP Data PDU to lower layer as specified below.

When submitting a PDCP PDU to lower layer, the transmitting PDCP entity
shall:

\- if the transmitting PDCP entity is associated with one RLC entity:

\- submit the PDCP PDU to the associated RLC entity;

\- else, if the transmitting PDCP entity is associated with two RLC
entities:

\- if the PDCP duplication is activated:

\- if the PDCP PDU is a PDCP Data PDU:

\- duplicate the PDCP Data PDU and submit the PDCP Data PDU to both
associated RLC entities;

\- else:

\- submit the PDCP Control PDU to the primary RLC entity;

\- else:

\- if the two associated RLC entities belong to the different Cell
Groups; and

\- if the total amount of PDCP data volume and RLC data volume pending
for initial transmission (as specified in TS 38.322 \[5\]) in the two
associated RLC entities is equal to or larger than
*ul-DataSplitThreshold*:

\- submit the PDCP PDU to either the primary RLC entity or the secondary
RLC entity;

\- else:

\- submit the PDCP PDU to the primary RLC entity.

NOTE 2: If the transmitting PDCP entity is associated with two RLC
entities, the UE should minimize the amount of PDCP PDUs submitted to
lower layers before receiving request from lower layers and minimize the
PDCP SN gap between PDCP PDUs submitted to two associated RLC entities
to minimize PDCP reordering delay in the receiving PDCP entity.

### 5.2.2 Receive operation

#### 5.2.2.1 Actions when a PDCP Data PDU is received from lower layers

In this clause, following definitions are used:

\- HFN(State Variable): the HFN part (i.e. the number of most
significant bits equal to HFN length) of the State Variable;

\- SN(State Variable): the SN part (i.e. the number of least significant
bits equal to PDCP SN length) of the State Variable;

\- RCVD\_SN: the PDCP SN of the received PDCP Data PDU, included in the
PDU header;

\- RCVD\_HFN: the HFN of the received PDCP Data PDU, calculated by the
receiving PDCP entity;

\- RCVD\_COUNT: the COUNT of the received PDCP Data PDU = \[RCVD\_HFN,
RCVD\_SN\].

At reception of a PDCP Data PDU from lower layers, the receiving PDCP
entity shall determine the COUNT value of the received PDCP Data PDU,
i.e. RCVD\_COUNT, as follows:

*- if RCVD\_SN \< SN(RX\_DELIV)* -- Window\_Size*:*

*- RCVD\_HFN = HFN(RX\_DELIV) + 1.*

*- else if RCVD\_SN \>= SN(RX\_DELIV) +* Window\_Size*:*

*- RCVD\_HFN = HFN(RX\_DELIV) -- 1.*

\- else:

\- RCVD\_HFN = HFN(RX\_DELIV);

\- RCVD\_COUNT = \[RCVD\_HFN, RCVD\_SN\].

After determining the COUNT value of the received PDCP Data PDU =
RCVD\_COUNT, the receiving PDCP entity shall:

\- perform deciphering and integrity verification of the PDCP Data PDU
using COUNT = RCVD\_COUNT;

\- if integrity verification fails:

\- indicate the integrity verification failure to upper layer;

\- discard the PDCP Data PDU;

\- if RCVD\_COUNT \< RX\_DELIV; or

\- if the PDCP Data PDU with COUNT = RCVD\_COUNT has been received
before:

\- discard the PDCP Data PDU;

If the received PDCP Data PDU with COUNT value = RCVD\_COUNT is not
discarded above, the receiving PDCP entity shall:

\- store the resulting PDCP SDU in the reception buffer;

\- if RCVD\_COUNT \>= RX\_NEXT:

\- update RX\_NEXT to RCVD\_COUNT + 1.

\- if *outOfOrderDelivery* is configured:

\- deliver the resulting PDCP SDU to upper layers.

\- if RCVD\_COUNT = RX\_DELIV:

\- deliver to upper layers in ascending order of the associated COUNT
value after performing header decompression, if not decompressed before;

\- all stored PDCP SDU(s) with consecutively associated COUNT value(s)
starting from COUNT = RX\_DELIV;

\- update RX\_DELIV to the COUNT value of the first PDCP SDU which has
not been delivered to upper layers, with COUNT value \> RX\_DELIV;

\- if *t-Reordering* is running, and if RX\_DELIV \>= RX\_REORD:

\- stop and reset *t-Reordering*.

\- if *t-Reordering* is not running (includes the case when
*t-Reordering* is stopped due to actions above), and RX\_DELIV \<
RX\_NEXT:

\- update RX\_REORD to RX\_NEXT;

\- start *t-Reordering*.

#### 5.2.2.2 Actions when a *t-Reordering* expires

When *t-Reordering* expires, the receiving PDCP entity shall:

\- deliver to upper layers in ascending order of the associated COUNT
value after performing header decompression, if not decompressed before:

\- all stored PDCP SDU(s) with associated COUNT value(s) \< RX\_REORD;

\- all stored PDCP SDU(s) with consecutively associated COUNT value(s)
starting from RX\_REORD;

\- update RX\_DELIV to the COUNT value of the first PDCP SDU which has
not been delivered to upper layers, with COUNT value \>= RX\_REORD;

\- if RX\_DELIV \< RX\_NEXT:

\- update RX\_REORD to RX\_NEXT;

\- start *t-Reordering*.

#### 5.2.2.3 Actions when the value of *t-Reordering* is reconfigured

When the value of the *t-Reordering* is reconfigured by upper layers
while the *t-Reordering* is running, the receiving PDCP entity shall:

\- update RX\_REORD to RX\_NEXT;

\- stop and restart *t-Reordering*.

5.3 SDU discard
---------------

When the *discardTimer* expires for a PDCP SDU, or the successful
delivery of a PDCP SDU is confirmed by PDCP status report, the
transmitting PDCP entity shall discard the PDCP SDU along with the
corresponding PDCP Data PDU. If the corresponding PDCP Data PDU has
already been submitted to lower layers, the discard is indicated to
lower layers.

For SRBs, when upper layers request a PDCP SDU discard, the PDCP entity
shall discard all stored PDCP SDUs and PDCP PDUs.

NOTE: Discarding a PDCP SDU already associated with a PDCP SN causes a
SN gap in the transmitted PDCP Data PDUs, which increases PDCP
reordering delay in the receiving PDCP entity. It is up to UE
implementation how to minimize SN gap after SDU discard.

5.4 Status reporting
--------------------

### 5.4.1 Transmit operation

For AM DRBs configured by upper layers to send a PDCP status report in
the uplink (*statusReportRequired* in TS 38.331 \[3\]), the receiving
PDCP entity shall trigger a PDCP status report when:

\- upper layer requests a PDCP entity re-establishment;

\- upper layer requests a PDCP data recovery.

If a PDCP status report is triggered, the receiving PDCP entity shall:

\- compile a PDCP status report as indicated below by:

\- setting the FMC field to RX\_DELIV;

\- if RX\_DELIV \< RX\_NEXT:

\- allocating a Bitmap field of length in bits equal to the number of
COUNTs from and not including the first missing PDCP SDU up to and
including the last out-of-sequence PDCP SDUs, rounded up to the next
multiple of 8, or up to and including a PDCP SDU for which the resulting
PDCP Control PDU size is equal to 9000 bytes, whichever comes first;

\- setting in the bitmap field as \'0\' for all PDCP SDUs that have not
been received, and optionally PDCP SDUs for which decompression have
failed;

\- setting in the bitmap field as \'1\' for all PDCP SDUs that have been
received;

\- submit the PDCP status report to lower layers as the first PDCP PDU
for transmission via the transmitting PDCP entity as specified in clause
5.2.1.

### 5.4.2 Receive operation

For AM DRBs, when a PDCP status report is received in the downlink, the
transmitting PDCP entity shall:

\- consider for each PDCP SDU, if any, with the bit in the bitmap set to
\'1\', or with the associated COUNT value less than the value of FMC
field as successfully delivered, and discard the PDCP SDU as specified
in clause 5.3.

5.5 Data recovery
-----------------

For AM DRBs, when upper layers request a PDCP data recovery for a radio
bearer, the transmitting PDCP entity shall:

\- perform retransmission of all the PDCP Data PDUs previously submitted
to re-established or released AM RLC entity in ascending order of the
associated COUNT values for which the successful delivery has not been
confirmed by lower layers, following the data submission procedure in
clause 5.2.1.

After performing the above procedures, the transmitting PDCP entity
shall follow the procedures in clause 5.2.1.

5.6 Data volume calculation
---------------------------

For the purpose of MAC buffer status reporting, the transmitting PDCP
entity shall consider the following as PDCP data volume:

\- the PDCP SDUs for which no PDCP Data PDUs have been constructed;

\- the PDCP Data PDUs that have not been submitted to lower layers;

\- the PDCP Control PDUs;

\- for AM DRBs, the PDCP SDUs to be retransmitted according to clause
5.1.2;

\- for AM DRBs, the PDCP Data PDUs to be retransmitted according to
clause 5.5.

If the transmitting PDCP entity is associated with two RLC entities,
when indicating the PDCP data volume to a MAC entity for BSR triggering
and Buffer Size calculation (as specified in TS 38.321 \[4\] and TS
36.321 \[12\]), the transmitting PDCP entity shall:

\- if the PDCP duplication is activated:

\- indicate the PDCP data volume to the MAC entity associated with the
primary RLC entity;

\- indicate the PDCP data volume excluding the PDCP Control PDU to the
MAC entity associated with the secondary RLC entity;

\- else:

\- if the two associated RLC entities belong to the different Cell
Groups; and

\- if the total amount of PDCP data volume and RLC data volume pending
for initial transmission (as specified in TS 38.322 \[5\]) in the two
associated RLC entities is equal to or larger than
*ul-DataSplitThreshold*:

\- indicate the PDCP data volume to both the MAC entity associated with
the primary RLC entity and the MAC entity associated with the secondary
RLC entity;

\- else:

\- indicate the PDCP data volume to the MAC entity associated with the
primary RLC entity;

\- indicate the PDCP data volume as 0 to the MAC entity associated with
the secondary RLC entity.

5.7 Header compression and decompression
----------------------------------------

### 5.7.1 Supported header compression protocols and profiles

The header compression protocol is based on the Robust Header
Compression (ROHC) framework defined in RFC 5795 \[7\]. There are
multiple header compression algorithms, called profiles, defined for the
ROHC framework. Each profile is specific to the particular network
layer, transport layer or upper layer protocol combination e.g. TCP/IP
and RTP/UDP/IP.

The detailed definition of the ROHC channel is specified as part of the
ROHC framework defined in RFC 5795 \[7\]. This includes how to multiplex
different flows (header compressed or not) over the ROHC channel, as
well as how to associate a specific IP flow with a specific context
state during initialization of the compression algorithm for that flow.

The implementation of the functionality of the ROHC framework and of the
functionality of the supported header compression profiles is not
covered in this specification.

In this version of the specification the support of the following
profiles is described:

Table 5.7.1-1: Supported header compression protocols and profiles

  Profile Identifier   Usage            Reference
  -------------------- ---------------- --------------------
  0x0000               No compression   RFC 5795
  0x0001               RTP/UDP/IP       RFC 3095, RFC 4815
  0x0002               UDP/IP           RFC 3095, RFC 4815
  0x0003               ESP/IP           RFC 3095, RFC 4815
  0x0004               IP               RFC 3843, RFC 4815
  0x0006               TCP/IP           RFC 6846
  0x0101               RTP/UDP/IP       RFC 5225
  0x0102               UDP/IP           RFC 5225
  0x0103               ESP/IP           RFC 5225
  0x0104               IP               RFC 5225

### 5.7.2 Configuration of header compression

PDCP entities associated with DRBs can be configured by upper layers TS
38.331 \[3\] to use header compression. Each PDCP entity carrying user
plane data may be configured to use header compression. In this version
of the specification, only the robust header compression protocol (ROHC)
is supported. Every PDCP entity uses at most one ROHC compressor
instance and at most one ROHC decompressor instance.

### 5.7.3 Protocol parameters

RFC 5795 \[7\] has configuration parameters that are mandatory and that
must be configured by upper layers between compressor and decompressor
peers ; these parameters define the ROHC channel. The ROHC channel is a
unidirectional channel, i.e. if *rohc* is configured there is one
channel for the downlink and one for the uplink, and if *uplinkOnlyROHC*
is configured there is only one channel for the uplink. There is thus
one set of parameters for each channel, and if *rohc* is configured the
same values shall be used for both channels belonging to the same PDCP
entity.

These parameters are categorized in two different groups, as defined
below:

\- M: Mandatory and configured by upper layers;

\- N/A: Not used in this specification.

The usage and definition of the parameters shall be as specified below.

\- MAX\_CID (M): This is the maximum CID value that can be used. One CID
value shall always be reserved for uncompressed flows. The parameter
MAX\_CID is configured by upper layers (*maxCID* in TS 38.331 \[3\]);

\- LARGE\_CIDS: This value is not configured by upper layers, but rather
it is inferred from the configured value of MAX\_CID according to the
following rule:

\- If MAX\_CID \> 15 then LARGE\_CIDS = TRUE else LARGE\_CIDS = FALSE;

\- PROFILES (M): Profiles are used to define which profiles are allowed
to be used by the UE. The list of supported profiles is described in
clause 5.7.1. The parameter PROFILES is configured by upper layers
(*profiles* for uplink and downlink in TS 38.331 \[3\]);

\- FEEDBACK\_FOR (N/A): This is a reference to the channel in the
opposite direction between two compression endpoints and indicates to
what channel any feedback sent refers to. Feedback received on one ROHC
channel for this PDCP entity shall always refer to the ROHC channel in
the opposite direction for this same PDCP entity;

\- MRRU (N/A): ROHC segmentation is not used.

### 5.7.4 Header compression

If header compression is configured, the header compression protocol
generates two types of output packets:

\- compressed packets, each associated with one PDCP SDU;

\- standalone packets not associated with a PDCP SDU, i.e. interspersed
ROHC feedback.

A compressed packet is associated with the same PDCP SN and COUNT value
as the related PDCP SDU. The header compression is not applicable to the
SDAP header and the SDAP Control PDU if included in the PDCP SDU.

Interspersed ROHC feedback are not associated with a PDCP SDU. They are
not associated with a PDCP SN and are not ciphered.

NOTE: If the MAX\_CID number of ROHC contexts are already established
for the compressed flows and a new IP flow does not match any
established ROHC context, the compressor should associate the new IP
flow with one of the ROHC CIDs allocated for the existing compressed
flows or send PDCP SDUs belonging to the IP flow as uncompressed packet.

### 5.7.5 Header decompression

If header compression is configured by upper layers for PDCP entities
associated with user plane data, the PDCP Data PDUs are decompressed by
the header compression protocol after performing deciphering as
explained in clause 5.8. The header decompression is not applicable to
the SDAP header and the SDAP Control PDU if included in the PDCP Data
PDU.

### 5.7.6 PDCP Control PDU for interspersed ROHC feedback

#### 5.7.6.1 Transmit Operation

When an interspersed ROHC feedback is generated by the header
compression protocol, the transmitting PDCP entity shall:

\- submit to lower layers the corresponding PDCP Control PDU as
specified in clause 6.2.3.2 i.e. without associating a PDCP SN, nor
performing ciphering.

#### 5.7.6.2 Receive Operation

At reception of a PDCP Control PDU for interspersed ROHC feedback from
lower layers, the receiving PDCP entity shall:

\- deliver the corresponding interspersed ROHC feedback to the header
compression protocol without performing deciphering.

5.8 Ciphering and deciphering
-----------------------------

The ciphering function includes both ciphering and deciphering and is
performed in PDCP, if configured. The data unit that is ciphered is the
MAC-I (see clause 6.3.4) and the data part of the PDCP Data PDU (see
clause 6.3.3) except the SDAP header and the SDAP Control PDU if
included in the PDCP SDU. The ciphering is not applicable to PDCP
Control PDUs.

The ciphering algorithm and key to be used by the PDCP entity are
configured by upper layers TS 38.331 \[3\] and the ciphering method
shall be applied as specified in TS 33.501 \[6\].

The ciphering function is activated/suspended/resumed by upper layers TS
38.331 \[3\]. When security is activated and not suspended, the
ciphering function shall be applied to all PDCP Data PDUs indicated by
upper layers TS 38.331 \[3\] for the downlink and the uplink,
respectively.

For downlink and uplink ciphering and deciphering, the parameters that
are required by PDCP for ciphering are defined in TS 33.501 \[6\] and
are input to the ciphering algorithm. The required inputs to the
ciphering function include the COUNT value, and DIRECTION (direction of
the transmission: set as specified in TS 33.501 \[6\]).The parameters
required by PDCP which are provided by upper layers TS 38.331 \[3\] are
listed below:

\- BEARER (defined as the radio bearer identifier in TS 33.501 \[6\]. It
will use the value RB identity --1 as in TS 38.331 \[3\]);

\- KEY (the ciphering keys for **the control plane and for the user
plane are** K~RRCenc~ and K~UPenc~, respectively).

5.9 Integrity protection and verification
-----------------------------------------

The integrity protection function includes both integrity protection and
integrity verification and is performed in PDCP, if configured. The data
unit that is integrity protected is the PDU header and the data part of
the PDU before ciphering. The integrity protection is always applied to
PDCP Data PDUs of SRBs. The integrity protection is applied to PDCP Data
PDUs of DRBs for which integrity protection is configured. The integrity
protection is not applicable to PDCP Control PDUs.

The integrity protection algorithm and key to be used by the PDCP entity
are configured by upper layers TS 38.331 \[3\] and the integrity
protection method shall be applied as specified in TS 33.501 \[6\].

The integrity protection function is activated/suspended/resumed by
upper layers TS 38.331 \[3\]. When security is activated and not
suspended, the integrity protection function shall be applied to all
PDUs including and subsequent to the PDU indicated by upper layers TS
38.331 \[3\] for the downlink and the uplink, respectively.

NOTE: As the RRC message which activates the integrity protection
function is itself integrity protected with the configuration included
in this RRC message, this message needs first be decoded by RRC before
the integrity protection verification could be performed for the PDU in
which the message was received.

For downlink and uplink integrity protection and verification, the
parameters that are required by PDCP for integrity protection are
defined in TS 33.501 \[6\] and are input to the integrity protection
algorithm. The required inputs to the integrity protection function
include the COUNT value, and DIRECTION (direction of the transmission:
set as specified in TS 33.501 \[6\]). The parameters required by PDCP
which are provided by upper layers TS 38.331 \[3\] are listed below:

\- BEARER (defined as the radio bearer identifier in TS 33.501 \[6\]. It
will use the value RB identity --1 as in TS 38.331 \[3\]);

\- KEY (the integrity protection keys for **the control plane and for
the user plane are** K~RRCint~ and K~UPint~, respectively).

At transmission, the UE computes the value of the MAC-I field and at
reception it verifies the integrity of the PDCP Data PDU by calculating
the X-MAC based on the input parameters as specified above. If the
calculated X-MAC corresponds to the received MAC-I, integrity protection
is verified successfully.

5.10 Handling of unknown, unforeseen, and erroneous protocol data
-----------------------------------------------------------------

When a PDCP PDU that contains reserved or invalid values is received,
the receiving PDCP entity shall:

\- discard the received PDU.

5.11 PDCP duplication
---------------------

### 5.11.1 Activation/Deactivation of PDCP duplication

For the PDCP entity configured with *pdcp-Duplication*, the transmitting
PDCP entity shall:

\- for SRBs:

\- activate the PDCP duplication;

\- for DRBs:

\- if the activation of PDCP duplication is indicated:

\- activate the PDCP duplication;

\- if the deactivation of PDCP duplication is indicated:

\- deactivate the PDCP duplication.

### 5.11.2 Duplicate PDU discard

For the PDCP entity configured with *pdcp-Duplication*, the transmitting
PDCP entity shall:

\- if the successful delivery of a PDCP Data PDU is confirmed by one of
the two associated AM RLC entities:

\- indicate to the other AM RLC entity to discard the duplicated PDCP
Data PDU;

\- if the deactivation of PDCP duplication is indicated:

\- indicate to the secondary RLC entity to discard all duplicated PDCP
Data PDUs.

6 Protocol data units, formats, and parameters
==============================================

6.1 Protocol data units
-----------------------

### 6.1.1 Data PDU

The PDCP Data PDU is used to convey one or more of followings in
addition to the PDU header:

\- user plane data;

\- control plane data;

\- a MAC-I.

### 6.1.2 Control PDU

The PDCP Control PDU is used to convey one of followings in addition to
the PDU header:

\- a PDCP status report;

\- an interspersed ROHC feedback.

6.2 Formats
-----------

### 6.2.1 General

A PDCP PDU is a bit string that is byte aligned (i.e. multiple of 8
bits) in length. In the figures in clause 6.2, bit strings are
represented by tables in which the most significant bit is the leftmost
bit of the first line of the table, the least significant bit is the
rightmost bit on the last line of the table, and more generally the bit
string is to be read from left to right and then in the reading order of
the lines. The bit order of each parameter field within a PDCP PDU is
represented with the first and most significant bit in the leftmost bit
and the last and least significant bit in the rightmost bit.

PDCP SDUs are bit strings that are byte aligned (i.e. multiple of 8
bits) in length. A compressed or uncompressed SDU is included into a
PDCP Data PDU from the first bit onward.

### 6.2.2 Data PDU

#### 6.2.2.1 Data PDU for SRBs

Figure 6.2.2.1-1 shows the format of the PDCP Data PDU with 12 bits PDCP
SN. This format is applicable for SRBs.

Figure 6.2.2.1-1: PDCP Data PDU format for SRBs

#### 6.2.2.2 Data PDU for DRBs with 12 bits PDCP SN

Figure 6.2.2.2-1 shows the format of the PDCP Data PDU with 12 bits PDCP
SN. This format is applicable for UM DRBs and AM DRBs.

Figure 6.2.2.2-1: PDCP Data PDU format with 12 bits PDCP SN

#### 6.2.2.3 Data PDU for DRBs with 18 bits PDCP SN

Figure 6.2.2.3-1 shows the format of the PDCP Data PDU with 18 bits PDCP
SN. This format is applicable for UM DRBs and AM DRBs.

Figure 6.2.2.3-1: PDCP Data PDU format for DRBs with 18 bits PDCP SN

### 6.2.3 Control PDU

#### 6.2.3.1 Control PDU for PDCP status report

Figure 6.2.3.1-1 shows the format of the PDCP Control PDU carrying one
PDCP status report. This format is applicable for AM DRBs.

Figure 6.2.3.1-1: PDCP Control PDU format for PDCP status report

#### 6.2.3.2 Control PDU for interspersed ROHC feedback

Figure 6.2.3.2-1 shows the format of the PDCP Control PDU carrying one
interspersed ROHC feedback. This format is applicable for UM DRBs and AM
DRBs.

Figure 6.2.3.2-1: PDCP Control PDU format for interspersed ROHC feedback

6.3 Parameters
--------------

### 6.3.1 General

If not otherwise mentioned in the definition of each field then the bits
in the parameters shall be interpreted as follows: the left most bit
string is the first and most significant and the right most bit is the
last and least significant bit.

Unless otherwise mentioned, integers are encoded in standard binary
encoding for unsigned integers. In all cases the bits appear ordered
from MSB to LSB when read in the PDU.

### 6.3.2 PDCP SN

Length: 12, or 18 bits as indicated in table 6.3.2.1. The length of the
PDCP SN is configured by upper layers (*pdcp-SN-SizeUL* or
*pdcp-SN-SizeDL* in TS 38.331 \[3\]).

Table 6.3.2-1: PDCP SN length

  -------- ----------------------------
  Length   Description
  12       UM DRBs, AM DRBs, and SRBs
  18       UM DRBs, and AM DRBs
  -------- ----------------------------

### 6.3.3 Data

Length: Variable

This field includes one of the followings:

\- Uncompressed PDCP SDU (user plane data, or control plane data);

\- Compressed PDCP SDU (user plane data only).

### 6.3.4 MAC-I

Length: 32 bits

This field carries a message authentication code calculated as specified
in clause 5.9.

For SRBs, the MAC-I field is always present. If integrity protection is
not configured, the MAC-I field is still present but should be padded
with padding bits set to 0.

For DRBs, the MAC-I field is present only when the DRB is configured
with integrity protection.

### 6.3.5 COUNT

Length: 32 bits

The COUNT value is composed of a HFN and the PDCP SN. The size of the
HFN part in bits is equal to 32 minus the length of the PDCP SN.

Figure 6.3.5-1: Format of COUNT

NOTE: COUNT does not wrap around.

### 6.3.6 R

Length: 1 bit

Reserved. In this version of the specification reserved bits shall be
set to 0. Reserved bits shall be ignored by the receiver.

### 6.3.7 D/C

Length: 1 bit

This field indicates whether the corresponding PDCP PDU is a PDCP Data
PDU or a PDCP Control PDU.

Table 6.3.7-1: D/C field

  ----- -------------
  Bit   Description
  0     Control PDU
  1     Data PDU
  ----- -------------

### 6.3.8 PDU type

Length: 3 bits

This field indicates the type of control information included in the
corresponding PDCP Control PDU.

Table 6.3.8-1: PDU type

  --------- ----------------------------
  Bit       Description
  000       PDCP status report
  001       Interspersed ROHC feedback
  010-111   Reserved
  --------- ----------------------------

### 6.3.9 FMC

Length: 32 bits

First Missing COUNT. This field indicates the COUNT value of the first
missing PDCP SDU within the reordering window, i.e. RX\_DELIV.

### 6.3.10 Bitmap

Length: Variable. The length of the bitmap field can be 0.

This field indicates which SDUs are missing and which SDUs are correctly
received in the receiving PDCP entity. The bit position of N^th^ bit in
the Bitmap is N, i.e., the bit position of the first bit in the Bitmap
is 1.

Table 6.3.10-1 Bitmap

  ----- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Bit   Description
  0     PDCP SDU with COUNT = (FMC + bit position) modulo 2^32^ is missing.
  1     PDCP SDU with COUNT = (FMC + bit position) modulo 2^32^ is correctly received.
  ----- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 6.3.11 Interspersed ROHC feedback

Length: Variable

This field contains one ROHC packet with only feedback, i.e. a ROHC
packet that is not associated with a PDCP SDU as defined in clause
5.7.4.

7 State variables, constants, and timers
========================================

7.1 State variables
-------------------

This clause describes the state variables used in PDCP entities in order
to specify the PDCP protocol. The state variables defined in this clause
are normative.

All state variables are non-negative integers, and take values from 0 to
\[2^32^ -- 1\].

PDCP Data PDUs are numbered integer sequence numbers (SN) cycling
through the field: 0 to \[2^\[*pdcp-SN-SizeUL*\]^ -- 1\] or 0 to
\[2^\[*pdcp-SN-SizeDL*\]^ -- 1\].

The transmitting PDCP entity shall maintain the following state
variables:

a\) TX\_NEXT

This state variable indicates the COUNT value of the next PDCP SDU to be
transmitted. The initial value is 0.

The receiving PDCP entity shall maintain the following state variables:

a\) RX\_NEXT

This state variable indicates the COUNT value of the next PDCP SDU
expected to be received. The initial value is 0.

b\) RX\_DELIV

This state variable indicates the COUNT value of the first PDCP SDU not
delivered to the upper layers, but still waited for. The initial value
is 0.

c\) RX\_REORD

This state variable indicates the COUNT value following the COUNT value
associated with the PDCP Data PDU which triggered *t-Reordering*.

7.2 Constants
-------------

a\) Window\_Size

This constant indicates the size of the reordering window. The value
equals to 2^\[*pdcp-SN-SizeDL*\]\ --\ 1^.

7.3 Timers
----------

The transmitting PDCP entity shall maintain the following timers:

a\) *discardTimer*

This timer is configured only for DRBs. The duration of the timer is
configured by upper layers TS 38.331 \[3\]. In the transmitter, a new
timer is started upon reception of an SDU from upper layer.

The receiving PDCP entity shall maintain the following timers:

b\) *t-Reordering*

The duration of the timer is configured by upper layers TS 38.331 \[3\].
This timer is used to detect loss of PDCP Data PDUs as specified in
clause 5.2.2. If *t-Reordering* is running, *t-Reordering* shall not be
started additionally, i.e. only one *t-Reordering* per receiving PDCP
entity is running at a given time.

######## Annex A (informative): Change history

  -------------------- ------------- ------------ -------- --------- --------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  **Change history**                                                                                                                                   
  **Date**             **Meeting**   **TDoc**     **CR**   **Rev**   **Cat**   **Subject/Comment**                                                     **New Version**
  2017.03              RAN2\#97bis   R2-1703512   \-       \-        \-        First version.                                                          x.y.z
  2017.04              RAN2\#97bis   R2-1703916   \-       \-        \-        Change section name \"Retransmission\" to \"Data recovery\"             0.0.1
  2017.05              RAN2\#98      R2-1704076   \-       \-        \-        Initial draft TS capturing outcome of e-mail discussion \[97bis\#24\]   0.0.5
  2017.06              RAN2 NR AH    R2-1706868   \-       \-        \-        Capture agreements made in RAN2\#98                                     0.1.0
  2017.08              RAN2 NR AH    R2-1707507   \-       \-        \-        Capture agreements made in RAN2 NR AH\#2                                0.2.0
  2017.08              RAN2\#99      R2-1709097   \-       \-        \-        Adding integrity protection in section 5.1.2                            0.2.1
  2017.08              RAN2\#99      R2-1709753   \-       \-        \-        Capture agreements made in RAN2\#99                                     0.3.0
  2017.09              RANP\#77      RP-171993    \-       \-        \-        Provided for information to RAN                                         1.0.0
  2017.10              RAN2\#99bis   R2-1713660   \-       \-        \-        Capture agreements made in RAN2\#99bis                                  1.0.1
  2017.11              RAN2\#100     R2-1714273   \-       \-        \-        Capture agreements made in RAN2\#100                                    1.1.0
  2017.12              RP-78         RP-172335    \-       \-        \-        Provided for approval to RAN                                            2.0.0
  2017/12              RP-78                                                   Upgraded to Rel-15 (MCC)                                                15.0.0
  2018/03              RP-79         RP-180440    0002     1         F         Corrections to PDCP specification                                       15.1.0
  2018/06              RP-80         RP-181215    0006     3         F         Corrections to PDCP specification                                       15.2.0
                       RP-80         RP-181215    0009     1         B         Introduction of PDCP duplication                                        15.2.0
  2018/09              RP-81         RP-181942    0011     4         F         Clarification on PDCP transmission                                      15.3.0
  2018/12              RP-82         RP-182650    0022     1         F         Suspend and resume of security                                          15.4.0
                       RP-82         RP-182655    0023     \-        F         Introducing PDCP suspend procedure                                      15.4.0
                       RP-82         RP-182656    0024     \-        F         Clarification on ciphering MAC-I                                        15.4.0
  2019/03              RP-83         RP-190544    0025     2         F         Correction on the PDCP re-establishment for AM DRB                      15.5.0
                       RP-83         RP-190540    0027     1         F         Correction on PDCP SN length                                            15.5.0
  2019/06              RP-84         RP-191375    0031     1         F         PDCP association with RLC for RBs configured with PDCP duplication      15.6.0
  2020/09              RP-89         RP-201936    0051     1         F         PDCP entity associated with AM RLC entity                               15.7.0
  2021/06              RP-92         RP-211485    0073     1         F         Correction on suspended AM DRB in PDCP re-establishment                 15.8.0
  -------------------- ------------- ------------ -------- --------- --------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
