![](./media/image1.jpeg){width="7.0875in" height="3.4229166666666666in"}

  {#section .TT}

Contents {#contents .TT}
========

[4](#foreword)

[5](#scope)

[5](#references)

[5](#definitions-and-abbreviations)

[5](#definitions)

[5](#abbreviations)

[6](#general)

[6](#general-aspects)

[6](#pdu-session-user-plane-protocol)

[6](#general-1)

[6](#pdu-session-user-plane-protocol-layer-services)

[6](#services-expected-from-the-transport-network-layer)

[6](#elementary-procedures)

[6](#transfer-of-dl-pdu-session-information)

[6](#successful-operation)

[7](#unsuccessful-operation)

[7](#transfer-of-ul-pdu-session-information)

[7](#successful-operation-1)

[7](#unsuccessful-operation-1)

[7](#elements-for-the-pdu-session-user-plane-protocol)

[7](#general-2)

[8](#frame-format-for-the-pdu-session-user-plane-protocol)

[8](#dl-pdu-session-information-pdu-type-0)

[9](#ul-pdu-session-information-pdu-type-1)

[9](#coding-of-information-elements-in-frames)

[9](#pdu-type)

[9](#spare)

[10](#qos-flow-identifier-qfi)

[10](#reflective-qos-indicator-rqi)

[10](#padding)

[10](#paging-policy-presence-ppp)

[10](#paging-policy-indicator-ppi)

[10](#timers)

[10](#handling-of-unknown-unforeseen-and-erroneous-protocol-data)

[11](#annex-a-informative-example-of-using-future-extension-field)

[11](#a.1-example-of-using-future-extension-field)

[11](#a.1.1-new-ie-flags)

[12](#annex-b-informative-change-history)Foreword 1 Scope 2 References 3
Definitions and abbreviations 3.1 Definitions 3.2 Abbreviations 4
General 4.1 General aspects 5 PDU Session user plane protocol 5.1
General 5.2 PDU Session user plane protocol layer services 5.3 Services
expected from the Transport Network Layer 5.4 Elementary procedures
5.4.1 Transfer of DL PDU Session Information 5.4.1.1 Successful
operation 5.4.1.2 Unsuccessful operation 5.4.2 Transfer of UL PDU
Session Information 5.4.2.1 Successful operation 5.4.2.2 Unsuccessful
operation 5.5 Elements for the PDU Session user plane protocol 5.5.1
General 5.5.2 Frame format for the PDU Session user plane protocol
5.5.2.1 DL PDU SESSION INFORMATION (PDU Type 0) 5.5.2.2 UL PDU SESSION
INFORMATION (PDU Type 1) 5.5.3 Coding of information elements in frames
5.5.3.1 PDU Type 5.5.3.2 Spare 5.5.3.3 QoS Flow Identifier (QFI) 5.5.3.4
Reflective QoS Indicator (RQI) 5.5.3.5 Padding 5.5.3.6 Paging Policy
Presence (PPP) 5.5.3.7 Paging Policy Indicator (PPI) 5.5.4 Timers 5.6
Handling of unknown, unforeseen and erroneous protocol data Annex A
(informative): Example of using Future Extension Field A.1 Example of
using Future Extension field A.1.1 New IE Flags Annex B (informative):
Change history

Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

1 Scope
=======

The present document specifies the PDU Session user plane protocol being
used over the NG-U, Xn-U and N9 interfaces. Applicability to other
interfaces is not precluded.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.300: \"NextGen Radio Access Network (NG-RAN); Overall
description; Stage 2\".

\[3\] 3GPP TS 29.281: \"General Packet Radio System (GPRS) Tunnelling
Protocol User Plane (GTPv1-U)\".

> \[4\] 3GPP TS 37.324: \"E-UTRA and NR; Service Data Application
> Protocol (SDAP) specification\".

\[5\] 3GPP TS 23.501: \"System Architecture for the 5G System; Stage
2\".

3 Definitions and abbreviations
===============================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in
the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
term, if any, in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\].

**NG-U**: logical interface between NG-RAN node and UPF as described in
TS 38.300 \[2\].

**Xn-U**: logical interface between NG-RAN nodes as defined in TS 38.300
\[2\].

3.2 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in
the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\].

PPI Paging Policy Indicator

PPP Paging Policy Presence

QFI QoS Flow Identifier

RQA Reflective QoS Attribute

RQI Reflective QoS Indication

UP User Plane

UPF User Plane Function

4 General
=========

4.1 General aspects
-------------------

The PDU Session User Plane protocol is located in the User Plane of the
Radio Network Layer above the Transport Network Layer of the interface.

Each PDU session User Plane protocol instance is associated to one PDU
Session.

In this version of the present document, the PDU session user plane
protocol data is conveyed by GTP-U protocol means, more specifically, by
means of the \"GTP-U Container\" GTP-U Extension Header as defined in TS
29.281 \[3\].

5 PDU Session user plane protocol
=================================

5.1 General
-----------

The PDU session UP layer uses services of the Transport Network Layer in
order to send its packets over the interface.

5.2 PDU Session user plane protocol layer services
--------------------------------------------------

The following functions are provided by the PDU Session User Plane
protocol:

\- Provision of control information elements (e.g. QFI, RQI) associated
with a PDU session.

5.3 Services expected from the Transport Network Layer
------------------------------------------------------

The PDU session UP layer expects the following services from the
Transport Network Layer:

\- Transfer of PDU session User Plane PDUs.

5.4 Elementary procedures
-------------------------

### 5.4.1 Transfer of DL PDU Session Information 

#### 5.4.1.1 Successful operation

The purpose of the Transfer of DL PDU Session Information procedure is
to send control information elements related to the PDU Session from UPF
to NG-RAN.

In the case of uplink and downlink data forwarding the DL PDU Session
Information procedure shall be used to send control information elements
related to the PDU Session from UPF/NG-RAN to NG-RAN/UPF.

A PDU Session user plane instance making use of the Transfer of DL PDU
Session Information procedure is associated to a single PDU Session. The
Transfer of DL PDU Session Information procedure may be invoked whenever
packets for that particular PDU Session need to be transferred across
the related interface instance.

The DL PDU SESSION INFORMATION frame includes a QoS Flow Identifier
(QFI) field associated with the transferred packet. The NG-RAN shall use
the received QFI to determine the QoS flow and QoS profile which are
associated with the received packet.

The DL PDU SESSION INFORMATION frame shall include the Reflective QoS
Indicator (RQI) field to indicate that user plane Reflective QoS shall
be activated or not. The NG-RAN shall, if RQA has been configured for
the involved QoS flow, take the RQI into account as specified in TS
37.324 \[4\].

The DL PDU SESSION INFORMATION frame may also include a Paging Policy
Indicator (PPI) field associated with the transferred packet. The NG-RAN
shall use the received PPI to determine the paging policy
differentiation which is associated with the received packet as
described in \[5\].

When needed, the NG-RAN shall propagate the DL PDU Session Information
to a peer NG-RAN.

Figure 5.4.1.1-1: Successful Transfer of DL PDU Session Information

#### 5.4.1.2 Unsuccessful operation

Void.

### 5.4.2 Transfer of UL PDU Session Information 

#### 5.4.2.1 Successful operation

The purpose of the Transfer of UL PDU Session Information procedure is
to send control information elements related to the PDU Session from
NG-RAN to UPF.

An UL PDU Session user plane instance making use of the Transfer of UL
PDU Session Information procedure is associated to a single PDU Session.
The Transfer of UL PDU Session Information procedure may be invoked
whenever packets for that particular PDU Session need to be transferred
across the related interface instance.

The UL PDU SESSION INFORMATION frame includes a QoS Flow Identifier
(QFI) field associated with the transferred packet.

![](./media/image4.wmf){width="2.7805555555555554in"
height="1.2479166666666666in"}

Figure 5.4.2.1-1: Successful Transfer of UL PDU Session Information

#### 5.4.2.2 Unsuccessful operation

Void.

5.5 Elements for the PDU Session user plane protocol
----------------------------------------------------

### 5.5.1 General

In the present document the structure of frames are specified by using
figures similar to figure 5.5.1-1.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Bits</td>
<td><blockquote>
<p>Number of Octets</p>
</blockquote></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>7</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Field 1</td>
<td>Field 2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>Octet 1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Field 3</td>
<td>Field 4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>Octet 2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Field 4 continue</td>
<td>Spare</td>
<td></td>
<td>Octet 3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Field 6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><p>Octet 4</p>
<p>Octet 5</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Field 6 continue</td>
<td>Padding bits</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Future Extension</td>
<td>0-m</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Padding</td>
<td>0-3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Figure 5.5.1-1: Example frame format

Unless otherwise indicated, fields which consist of multiple bits within
an octet have the most significant bit located at the higher bit
position (indicated above frame in figure 5.5.1-1). In addition, if a
field spans several octets, most significant bits are located in lower
numbered octets (right of frame in figure 5.5.1-1).

On the NG interface, the frame is transmitted starting from the lowest
numbered octet. Within each octet, the bits are sent according to
decreasing bit position (bit position 7 first).

Spare bits should be set to \"0\" by the sender and should not be
checked by the receiver.

The header part of the frame is always an integer number of octets. The
payload part is octet aligned (by adding \'Padding Bits\' when needed).

The receiver should be able to remove an additional Future Extension
field that may be present.\
See description of Future Extension field in A.1.

Padding octets may be added at the end of the frame, see Padding in
5.5.3.5.

### 5.5.2 Frame format for the PDU Session user plane protocol

#### 5.5.2.1 DL PDU SESSION INFORMATION (PDU Type 0)

This frame format is defined to allow the NG-RAN to receive some control
information elements which are associated with the transfer of a packet
over the interface.

The following shows the respective DL PDU SESSION INFORMATION frame.

+---------------+--------------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| Bits          | > Number of Octets |                     |   |   |   |   |   |   |
+---------------+--------------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| 7             | 6                  | 5                   | 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | 0 |   |
+---------------+--------------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| PDU Type (=0) | Spare              | 1                   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
+---------------+--------------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| PPP           | RQI                | QoS Flow Identifier | 1 |   |   |   |   |   |
+---------------+--------------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| PPI           | Spare              | 0 or 1              |   |   |   |   |   |   |
+---------------+--------------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| Padding       | 0-3                |                     |   |   |   |   |   |   |
+---------------+--------------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+

Figure 5.5.2.1-1: DL PDU SESSION INFORMATION (PDU Type 0) Format

#### 5.5.2.2 UL PDU SESSION INFORMATION (PDU Type 1)

This frame format is defined to allow the UPF to receive some control
information elements which are associated with the transfer of a packet
over the interface.

The following shows the respective UL PDU SESSION INFORMATION frame.

+---------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| Bits          | > Number of Octets  |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
+---------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| 7             | 6                   | 5 | 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | 0 |   |
+---------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| PDU Type (=1) | Spare               | 1 |   |   |   |   |   |   |
+---------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| Spare         | QoS Flow Identifier | 1 |   |   |   |   |   |   |
+---------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| Padding       | 0-3                 |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
+---------------+---------------------+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+

Figure 5.5.2.2-1: UL PDU SESSION INFORMATION (PDU Type 1) Format

### 5.5.3 Coding of information elements in frames

#### 5.5.3.1 PDU Type

**Description:** The PDU Type indicates the structure of the PDU session
UP frame. The field takes the value of the PDU Type it identifies; i.e.
\"0\" for PDU Type 0. The PDU type is in bit 4 to bit 7 in the first
octet of the frame.

**Value range:** {0= DL PDU SESSION INFORMATION, 1=UL PDU SESSION
INFORMATION, 2-15=reserved for future PDU type extensions}.

**Field length:** 4 bits.

#### 5.5.3.2 Spare

**Description:** The spare field is set to \"0\" by the sender and
should not be interpreted by the receiver. This field is reserved for
later versions.

**Value range:** (0--2^n^-1).

**Field Length:** n bits.

#### 5.5.3.3 QoS Flow Identifier (QFI)

**Description:** When present this parameter indicates the QoS Flow
Identifier of the QoS flow to which the transferred packet belongs.

**Value range:** {0..2^6^-1}.

**Field length:** 6 bits.

#### 5.5.3.4 Reflective QoS Indicator (RQI)

**Description:** This parameter indicates activation of the reflective
QoS towards the UE for the transferred packet as described in clause
5.4.1.1. It is used only in the downlink direction. If RQA (Reflective
QoS Activation) has not been configured for the involved QoS flow, the
RQI shall be ignored by the NG-RAN node.

**Value range:** {0= Reflective QoS activation not triggered, 1=
Reflective QoS activation triggered}.

**Field length:** 1 bit.

#### 5.5.3.5 Padding 

**Description:** The padding is included at the end of the frame to
ensure that the PDU Session user plane protocol PDU length (including
padding and the future extension) is (n\*4-- 2) octets, where n is a
positive integer. If there is any future extension, the padding should
be added after the future extensions.

**Field Length:** 0--3 octets.

#### 5.5.3.6 Paging Policy Presence (PPP)

**Description:** This parameter indicates the presence of the Paging
Policy Indicator (PPI).

**Value range:** {0= Paging Policy Indicator not present, 1= Paging
Policy Indicator present}.

**Field length:** 1 bit.

#### 5.5.3.7 Paging Policy Indicator (PPI)

**Description:** When present, the Paging Policy Indicator is used for
paging policy differentiation (see details in 3GPP TS 23.501 \[5\]).
This field applies to PDU sessions of IP type.

**Value range:** {0..2^3^-1}.

**Field length:** 3 bits.

### 5.5.4 Timers

Void.

5.6 Handling of unknown, unforeseen and erroneous protocol data
---------------------------------------------------------------

Void.

######## Annex A (informative): Example of using Future Extension Field

A.1 Example of using Future Extension field
===========================================

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| New   | New   | New   | New   | New   | New   | New   | New   | 1     |
| IE    | IE    | IE    | IE    | IE    | IE    | IE    | IE    | Octet |
| flag  | flag  | flag  | flag  | flag  | flag  | flag  | flag  |       |
| 7(E)  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | New   |
|       | 6     | 5     | 4     | 3     | 2     | 1     | 0     | IE    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Flags |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| New   | 3     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IE 1  | O     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ctets |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| New   | 2     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IE 2  | O     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ctets |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Figure A.1-1: Example of future Extension Field

In the Example of the future Extension Field, New IE flag 0 indicates if
the New IE 1 is present or not. New IE flag 1 indicates if the new IE 2
is present or not.

A.1.1 New IE Flags
------------------

**Description:** The *New IE Flags* IE is only present if at least one
new IE is present. The *New IE Flags* IE contains flags indicating which
new IEs that are present following the *New IE Flags* IE. The last bit
position of the *New IE Flags* IE is used as the Extension Flag to allow
the extension of the *New IE Flags* IE in the future. Extension octets
of the *New IE Flags* IE shall follow directly after the first octet of
the *New IE Flags* IE. When an extension octet of the *New IE Flags* IE
is present, then all previous extension octets of the *New IE Flags* IE
and the *New IE Flags* IE shall also be present, even if they have all
their flag bits indicating no presence of their respective new IEs.

######## Annex B (informative): Change history

  -------------------- ------------- ----------- -------- --------- --------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  **Change history**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
  **Date**             **Meeting**   **TDoc**    **CR**   **Rev**   **Cat**   **Subject/Comment**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     **New version**
  2018-04              R3\#99bis     R3-181720                                TS skeleton.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0.0.1
  2018-04              R3\#99bis     R3-182525                                Integration of R3-182399 with sections 4 and 5 and annex A1.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0.1.0
  2018-05              R3\#100       R3-183594                                Integration of R3-182619 to remove editor\'s notes, remove FFS and fix some editorials; integration of R3-183413 introducing PDU type for downlink and uplink; removing the FFS of uplink frame type in line with R3-182619 for downlink frame type; integration of R3-183000 solving the FFS on QFI.   0.2.0
  2018-06              RAN\#80       RP-180740                                For approval.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1.0.0
  2018-06              RAN\#80                   \-       \-        \-        Specification approved at TSG-RAN and placed under change control                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       15.0.0
  2018-09              RAN\#81       RP-181922   0001     4         F         NR Corrections (38.415 Baseline CR covering RAN3\#101 agreements)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN\#82       RP-182446   0003     \-        F         Rapporteur's CR for TS38.415                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            15.2.0
  2021-06              RAN\#92-e     RP-211333   0022     1         F         Correction of PDU Type Frame                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            15.3.0
  -------------------- ------------- ----------- -------- --------- --------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
