![](./media/image1.jpeg){width="7.0875in" height="3.4229166666666666in"}

  {#section .TT}

Contents {#contents .TT}
========

[4](#foreword)

[5](#scope)

[5](#references)

[5](#definitions-symbols-and-abbreviations)

[5](#general)

[5](#to-7-void)

[5](#annex-a-to-m-void)

[6](#annex-n-informative-change-history)Foreword 1 Scope 2 References 3
Definitions, symbols and abbreviations 4 General 5 to 7 Void Annex A to
M: Void Annex N (informative): Change history

Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

The present document is part 2 of a multi-part Technical Specification
(TS) covering the New Radio (NR) User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification, which is divided in the following parts:

3GPP TS 38.521-1 \[13\]: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 1: Range 1
Standalone;

**3GPP TS 38.521-2: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance specification;
Radio transmission and reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone;**

3GPP TS 38.521-3 \[14\]: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 3: Range 1 and
Range 2 Interworking operation with other radios;

3GPP TS 38.521-4 \[15\]: NR; User Equipment conformance specification;
Radio transmission and reception; Part 4: Performance;

3GPP TS 38.522 \[16\]: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Applicability of RF and RRM test cases;

3GPP TS 38.533 \[17\]: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio resource management;

1 Scope
=======

The present document specifies the measurement procedures for the
conformance test of the user equipment (UE) that contain RF
characteristics for frequency Range 2 as part of the 5G-NR.

The requirements are listed in different clauses only if the
corresponding parameters deviate. More generally, tests are only
applicable to those mobiles that are intended to support the appropriate
functionality. To indicate the circumstances in which tests apply, this
is noted in the \"*definition and applicability*\" part of the test.

For example only Release 15 and later UE declared to support 5G-NR shall
be tested for this functionality. In the event that for some tests
different conditions apply for different releases, this is indicated
within the text of the test itself.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

● References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

● For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

● For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

> \[1\] to \[27\] (void)

\[28\] 3GPP TS 38.521-2 Release 16: \"NR; User Equipment (UE)
conformance specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 2:
Range 2 Standalone \"

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

Void

4 General
=========

The requirements of the present document are provided in 3GPP TS
38.521-2 Release 16 \[28\].

5 to 7 Void
===========

######## Annex A to M: Void

######## Annex N (informative): Change history

  -------------------- --------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------- --------- --------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  **Change history**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  **Date**             **Meeting**           **TDoc**                                                                                                                        **CR**   **Rev**   **Cat**   **Subject/Comment**                                                                                  **New version**
  2017-08              RAN5 \#76             R5-174709                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Draft skeleton                                                                                       0.0.1
  2018-01              RAN5\#1-5G-NR Adhoc   R5-180002                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Add references                                                                                       0.1.0
  2018-01              RAN5\#1-5G-NR Adhoc   R5-180103                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Add definitions, symbols and abbreviations                                                           0.1.0
  2018-01              RAN5\#1-5G-NR Adhoc   R5-180104                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Introduction of Operating bands and Channel arrangement                                              0.1.0
  2018-01              RAN5\#1-5G-NR Adhoc   R5-180094                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Introduction of new test case 6.3.2 Transmit OFF power                                               0.1.0
  2018-01              RAN5\#1-5G-NR Adhoc   R5-180095                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        TP to add skeleton of 6.5.1 Occupied bandwidth to 38.521-2                                           0.1.0
  2018-01              RAN5\#1-5G-NR Adhoc   R5-180096                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        TP to add skeleton of 6.5.2.1 SEM to 38.521-2                                                        0.1.0
  2018-01              RAN5\#1-5G-NR Adhoc   R5-180097                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        TP to add skeleton of 6.5.2.3 ACLR to 38.521-2                                                       0.1.0
  2018-03              RAN5 \#78             R5-181508                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Updated 38.521-2 to extend Annex with additional testing information                                 0.2.0
  2018-03              RAN5 \#78             R5-181680                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        TP to skeleton of 7.6.1 Inband blocking to 38.521-2                                                  0.2.0
  2018-03              RAN5 \#78             R5-181681                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        5G-NR: Text Proposal to add spurious emissions test case to 38.521-2                                 0.2.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   R5-181978                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Update TS 38.521-2 further to align with the latest TS 38.101-2 spec structure.                      0.3.1
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   R5-182027                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        5G-NR Text Proposal to update spurious emissions test case to 38.521-2                               0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-182041](../../../../../../../Users/user/Users/user/AppData/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-181795.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        5G-NR Text Proposal to add REFSENS test case to 38.521-2                                             0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-182009](../../../../../../../Users/user/Users/user/AppData/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-181795r1.zip)                                 \-       \-        \-        General section updated to 38.521-2                                                                  0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   R5-182048                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Addition of FR2 test case 6.3.1 Minimum Output Power                                                 0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-182049](../../../../../../../Users/user/Users/user/AppData/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-181827.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        Addition of FR2 test case 6.3.3.2 General ON/OFF time mask                                           0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   R5-181839                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Definitions and abbreviations updated to 38.521-2                                                    0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-181840](../../../../../../../Users/user/Users/user/AppData/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-181834.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        Operating bands and Channel arrangement updated to 38.521-2                                          0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-182008](../../../../../../../Users/user/Users/user/AppData/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-181834r1.zip)                                 \-       \-        \-        Introduction of new test case 7.4 Maximum input level                                                0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-182010](../../../../../../../Users/user/Users/user/AppData/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-181834r2.zip)                                 \-       \-        \-        Common uplink configuration table for Tx test cases for TS 38.521-2 non-CA                           0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-182011](../../../../../../../Users/user/Users/user/AppData/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-182048.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        TP for 6.5.1 Occupied Bandwidth in TS 38.521-2                                                       0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-182029](../../../../../../../Users/user/Users/user/AppData/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-181835.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        TP for 6.5.2.1 Spectrum Emission Mask in TS 38.521-2                                                 0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-182031](../../../../../../../Users/user/Users/user/AppData/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-181835r1.zip)                                 \-       \-        \-        TP for 6.5.2.3 Adjacent Channel Leakage Ratio in TS 38.521-2                                         0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-182043](../../../../../../../Users/user/Users/user/AppData/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-181835r2.zip)                                 \-       \-        \-        TP for 7.6.2 InBand Blocking in TS 38.521-2                                                          0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-182046](../../../../../../../Users/user/Users/user/AppData/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-182049.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        TP for 7.5 Adjacent channel selectivity in TS 38.521-2                                               0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-18](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/Local/RAN5%232-5G-NR%20Adhoc%201804_Taiwan/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-182049.zip)1844   \-       \-        \-        Add Annex G (normative): Measurement uncertainties and Test Tolerances                               0.4.0
  2018-04              RAN5\#2-5G-NR Adhoc   [R5-18](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/Local/RAN5%232-5G-NR%20Adhoc%201804_Taiwan/TDoc/Inbox/Tdoc/R5-182049.zip)1844   \-       \-        \-        Add clause 4.4 Test point analysis                                                                   0.4.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             [R5-183908](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/TDOC/meeting_handling/Tdoc/R5-183908.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        Introduction of New FR2 test case 6.3.3.4 PRACH time mask                                            0.5.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             [R5-182769](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/TDOC/meeting_handling/Tdoc/R5-182769.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        General section updated to 38.521-2                                                                  0.5.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             [R5-183914](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/TDOC/meeting_handling/Tdoc/R5-183914.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        TP for FR2 spurious test procedure (38.521-2)                                                        0.5.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             [R5-183925](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/TDOC/meeting_handling/Tdoc/R5-183925.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        Update of Refsens test procedure for FR2                                                             0.5.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             [R5-182883](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/TDOC/meeting_handling/Tdoc/R5-182883.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        Definitions, symbols and abbreviations updated to 38.521-2                                           0.5.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             [R5-182884](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/TDOC/meeting_handling/Tdoc/R5-182884.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        Operating bands and Channel arrangement updated to 38.521-2                                          0.5.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             [R5-182890](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/TDOC/meeting_handling/Tdoc/R5-182890.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        Update minimum conformance requirements and test requirement for 6.3.2 Transmit OFF power            0.5.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             [R5-183926](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/TDOC/meeting_handling/Tdoc/R5-183926.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        Annex for test case applicability per permitted test method                                          0.5.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             [R5-183712](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/TDOC/meeting_handling/Tdoc/R5-183712.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        Corrections annexes for EIRP and TRP metric definition                                               0.5.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             [R5-183927](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/TDOC/meeting_handling/Tdoc/R5-183927.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        Clean up TBD from Occupied Bandwidth, SEM and ACLR test cases                                        0.5.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             [R5-183928](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/TDOC/meeting_handling/Tdoc/R5-183928.zip)                                   \-       \-        \-        Clean up TBD from ACS and Inband Blocking test cases                                                 0.5.0
  2018-05              RAN5 \#79             R5-183948                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Statistical Testing Annex for 38.521-2                                                               0.5.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185348                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Correction to FR2 Spurious TC and introduction of TRP measurement grid requirement                   1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185350                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Addition of Frequency Error test case to TS 38.521-2                                                 1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185490                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        FR2\_TxSpurious\_TestConfig\_38.521-2                                                                1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185562                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        FR2\_StoreTxRxBeamPeakCoordinates\_38.521-2                                                          1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             [R5-184742](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/Roaming/Foxmail7/Temp-7924-20180826082027/Attach/Tdoc/R5-184742.zip)        \-       \-        \-        Update of FR2 test case 6.3.1                                                                        1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             [R5-184743](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/Roaming/Foxmail7/Temp-7924-20180826082027/Attach/Tdoc/R5-184743.zip)        \-       \-        \-        Update of FR2 test case 6.3.3.2                                                                      1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             [R5-184856](../../../../../../../Users/user/AppData/Roaming/Foxmail7/Temp-7924-20180826082027/Attach/Tdoc/R5-184856.zip)        \-       \-        \-        General sections updated to 38.521-2                                                                 1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185519                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Updates of FR2 TRx MU and TT in Annex                                                                1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185555                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        FR2\_UE\_BeamlockInvoke\_38.521-2                                                                    1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185191                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Update to Occupied Bandwidth, SEM and ACLR test cases in TS 38.521-2                                 1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185192                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Update to ACS and inband blocking test cases in TS 38.521-2                                          1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185187                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        FR2\_RefSens\_TestConfig\_38.521-2                                                                   1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185188                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        DL and UL RMC updated for FR2 tests                                                                  1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185189                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Downlink physical channel updated for FR2 tests                                                      1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185190                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        OCNG Patterns updated for FR2 tests                                                                  1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185194                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Update to Test frequencies for SEM in TS 38.521-2                                                    1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185196                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Addition of Carrier Leakage test case to TS 38.521-2                                                 1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185193                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Addition of Annex Global In-Channel TX-Test to 38.521-2                                              1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185197                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Introduction of maximum output power test cases                                                      1.0.0
  2018-08              RAN5 \#80             R5-185195                                                                                                                       \-       \-        \-        Addition of EVM test case to TS 38.521-2                                                             1.0.0
  2018-09              RAN \#81              \-                                                                                                                              \-       \-        \-        raised to v15.0.0 with editorial changes only                                                        15.0.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-186504                                                                                                                       0021     \-        F         FR2 RefSens test case updates                                                                        15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-186505                                                                                                                       0022     \-        F         Update Text on Store Beam Peak Coordinate                                                            15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-186510                                                                                                                       0023     \-        F         Structure updates to Annex C and G                                                                   15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-186675                                                                                                                       0026     \-        F         Updating test case 6.2.3 maximum output power with additional requirements                           15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187151                                                                                                                       0034     \-        F         Updated to Annexes for FR2 tests                                                                     15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187152                                                                                                                       0035     \-        F         General Information updated for TS38.521-2                                                           15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187561                                                                                                                       0042     \-        F         Update to Table 5.3.5-1 in TS 38.521-2                                                               15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187619                                                                                                                       0050     \-        F         Update of Section 6.3.3.1 General                                                                    15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187838                                                                                                                       0045     1         F         Update of transmit signal quality test cases in 38.521-2                                             15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187839                                                                                                                       0046     1         F         Addition of In-band Emissions test case to TS 38.521-2                                               15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187840                                                                                                                       0047     1         F         Addition of EVM equalizer spectral flatness test cases 6.4.2.4 and 6.4.2.5 to TS 38.521-2            15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187841                                                                                                                       0048     1         F         Update of Common Uplink Configuration for FR2                                                        15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187842                                                                                                                       0029     1         F         General sections updated to 38.521-2                                                                 15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187843                                                                                                                       0044     1         F         Update of Global In-channel Tx Test Annex in 38.521-2                                                15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187886                                                                                                                       0020     1         F         FR2 Spurious Emission test case updates                                                              15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-187912                                                                                                                       0038     1         F         Addition of notes to clarify test point selection into general section of TS 38.521-2                15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-188037                                                                                                                       0032     1         F         Removing the Editor\'s notes of SA messages and procedures for all FR2 test cases                    15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-188038                                                                                                                       0036     1         F         FR2 downlink signal level(38.521-2)                                                                  15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-188063                                                                                                                       0027     1         F         Update of FR2 6.3.2 Transmit OFF power                                                               15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-188212                                                                                                                       0040     2         F         Updates to maximum output power test cases                                                           15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-188213                                                                                                                       0028     1         F         Update of FR2 test case 7.4                                                                          15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-188214                                                                                                                       0025     1         F         Updates of TT in TS 38.521-2 Annex F during RAN5\#81                                                 15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-188215                                                                                                                       0031     1         F         TDD configuration for UE Tx test in FR2                                                              15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-188216                                                                                                                       0039     1         F         Core alignment CR to capture TS 38.101-2 updates during RAN4\#89                                     15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-188217                                                                                                                       0041     2         F         On measurement grids                                                                                 15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              R5-188218                                                                                                                       0043     1         F         Update to Annex K                                                                                    15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN \#82              RP-182736                                                                                                                       0024     2         F         Updates of MU Annex F                                                                                15.1.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191091                                                                                                                       0083     \-        F         Updates of TT in TS38.521-2 Annex F during RAN5\#NR4                                                 15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191092                                                                                                                       0084     \-        F         Editorial correction of core alignment in TS 38.521-2                                                15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191093                                                                                                                       0085     \-        F         Editorial cleaning up of test configuration tables in TS 38.521-2                                    15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191246                                                                                                                       0086     \-        F         Update TRP measurement procedure Annex in TS38.521-2                                                 15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191247                                                                                                                       0087     \-        F         Update Annex K and Annex M in TS38.521-2                                                             15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191259                                                                                                                       0088     \-        F         Update to FR2 test case 6.3.3.4 PRACH time mask                                                      15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191507                                                                                                                       0090     \-        F         Shared Risk clarification in TS 38.521-2                                                             15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191609                                                                                                                       0093     \-        F         CR to TS 38.521-2 to add text proposal for Annex F.1                                                 15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191676                                                                                                                       0094     \-        F         Addition of FR2 6.2.4 Configured transmitted power                                                   15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191677                                                                                                                       0095     \-        F         Update of FR2 6.3.1 Minimum Output Power                                                             15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191679                                                                                                                       0096     \-        F         Addition of FR2 6.3.4.2 Absolute power tolerance                                                     15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191680                                                                                                                       0097     \-        F         Update of FR2 6.3.3.2 General ON/OFF time mask                                                       15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191793                                                                                                                       0098     \-        F         Introduction of Minimum output power for 2UL CA                                                      15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191809                                                                                                                       0099     \-        F         OBW test procedure update for 38.521-2                                                               15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191812                                                                                                                       0100     \-        F         FR2 Spurious Emission test case updates                                                              15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191824                                                                                                                       0102     \-        F         Update to Annex K and Annex L                                                                        15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-191986                                                                                                                       0107     \-        F         Introduction of Annex on Characteristics of the Interfering Signal FR2                               15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192092                                                                                                                       0110     \-        F         Test mode and test loop function activation in SA Tx RF test cases in TS 38.521-2                    15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192095                                                                                                                       0111     \-        F         Test mode and test loop function activation in SA Rx RF test cases in TS 38.521-2                    15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192122                                                                                                                       0112     \-        F         Update of Global In-channel Tx Test Annex for FR2                                                    15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192450                                                                                                                       0089     1         F         Update of test case 6.3.4.3, Relative power tolerance in 38.521-2                                    15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192451                                                                                                                       0082     1         F         Updates of test environment for frequency error                                                      15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192452                                                                                                                       0105     1         F         FR2 SA Spurious Emission Coexistence test case                                                       15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192648                                                                                                                       0106     1         F         Introduction of Aggregate power tolerance in NR SA FR2                                               15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192649                                                                                                                       0117     1         F         CR to add UL RMC for 60kHz SCS in Annex A.2.3                                                        15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192650                                                                                                                       0113     1         F         Update of transmit signal quality test cases for FR2                                                 15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192651                                                                                                                       0114     1         F         Update OBW test case in TS 38.521-2                                                                  15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192652                                                                                                                       0115     1         F         Update SEM test case in TS 38.521-2                                                                  15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192653                                                                                                                       0116     1         F         Update ACLR test case in TS 38.521-2                                                                 15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192654                                                                                                                       0101     1         F         FR2 Reference Sensitivity test case updates                                                          15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192655                                                                                                                       0104     1         F         FR2 Reference Sensitivity EIS spherical coverage                                                     15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192667                                                                                                                       0108     1         F         Update of Annex F.2                                                                                  15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192849                                                                                                                       0080     2         F         Updates of MU in TS38.521-2 Annex F during RAN5\#82                                                  15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192843                                                                                                                       0081     2         F         Updates of TT in TS38.521-2 Annex F during RAN5\#82                                                  15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              R5-192680                                                                                                                       0103     1         F         38.521-2 Editor's Note Updates                                                                       15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN \#83              RP-190746                                                                                                                       0118     4         F         Updates to maximum output power test cases                                                           15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83               \-                                                                                                                              \-       \-        \-        Editorial correction of references to TS 38.508-1 clause 4.6 tables                                  15.2.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-193541                                                                                                                       0137     \-        F         Alignment of scheduling of DL RMC with scheduling of UL RMC                                          15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-193552                                                                                                                       0138     \-        F         Core alignment of RAN4 pending issues in TS 38.521-2                                                 15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-193575                                                                                                                       0143     \-        F         Correction of 38.521-2 7.4                                                                           15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-193749                                                                                                                       0151     \-        F         Updates of ACLR test procedure                                                                       15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-193820                                                                                                                       0152     \-        F         Correction of 38.521-2 clause 2 to 5                                                                 15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194009                                                                                                                       0153     \-        F         FR2 Reference Sensitivity test case updates                                                          15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194243                                                                                                                       0161     \-        F         Addition FR2 blocking measurement procedure in Annex K                                               15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194264                                                                                                                       0163     \-        F         Correction to FR2 EIRP test configurations                                                           15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194265                                                                                                                       0164     \-        F         Correction to FR2 EIS test configurations                                                            15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194269                                                                                                                       0165     \-        F         Update FR2 ACS and Inband blocking test cases                                                        15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194461                                                                                                                       0170     \-        F         Update to 6.2.3 A-MPR FR2                                                                            15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194618                                                                                                                       0171     \-        F         Update of Global In-channel Tx Test Annex for FR2                                                    15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194958                                                                                                                       0139     1         F         Updates of MU and TT in TS 38.521-2 Annex F during RAN5\#NR5                                         15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194968                                                                                                                       0167     1         F         Update of TC 6.3A.1.1 Minimum output power for 2UL CA                                                15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194969                                                                                                                       0166     1         F         Clean up FR2 SA test cases                                                                           15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194970                                                                                                                       0160     1         F         Introduction of beam correspondence                                                                  15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194971                                                                                                                       0162     1         F         Introduction of beam correspondence for CA                                                           15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194976                                                                                                                       0173     1         F         Update of Frequency Error Test Case for FR2                                                          15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-194977                                                                                                                       0175     1         F         Editorial corrections for 6.2.1 UE maximum output power                                              15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195080                                                                                                                       0176     \-        F         Update of FR2 ON\_ON time mask test cases                                                            15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195147                                                                                                                       0141     1         F         Addition of new SA FR2 RF test case 6.2.2                                                            15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195149                                                                                                                       0142     1         F         Correction of 38.521-2 6.3.2                                                                         15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195151                                                                                                                       0144     1         F         Introduction of MOP (SA UL CA)                                                                       15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195152                                                                                                                       0145     1         F         Introduction of OFF power (SA UL CA)                                                                 15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195153                                                                                                                       0146     1         F         Introduction of Frequency error (SA UL CA)                                                           15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195154                                                                                                                       0148     1         F         Introduction of SEM (SA UL CA)                                                                       15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195155                                                                                                                       0149     1         F         Introduction of ACLR (SA UL CA)                                                                      15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195156                                                                                                                       0150     1         F         Introduction of General Spurious (SA UL CA)                                                          15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195157                                                                                                                       0157     1         F         Introduction of New test case 6.5A.1.1 Occupied bandwidth for CA (2UL CA)                            15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195158                                                                                                                       0156     1         F         Update Out of band emission test cases in TS 38.521-2                                                15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195160                                                                                                                       0159     1         F         Introduction of SRS time mask for UL-MIMO                                                            15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195404                                                                                                                       0172     1         F         Update of transmit signal quality test cases for FR2                                                 15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195417                                                                                                                       0154     1         F         38.521-2 implementation of FR2 UL demod OTA tests using single pol Rx TE                             15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195432                                                                                                                       0168     2         F         Update to 6.2.1.1 UE maximum output power - EIRP and TRP                                             15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195433                                                                                                                       0169     2         F         Update to 6.2.1.2 UE maximum output power - Spherical coverage                                       15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195434                                                                                                                       0140     1         F         Updates of MU and TT in TS 38.521-2                                                                  15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84               R5-195435                                                                                                                       0155     1         F         Core alignment with TS 38.101-2                                                                      15.3.0
  2021-06              RAN\#92               R5-212169                                                                                                                       0494     \-        F         Removal of technical content in 38.521-2 v15.3.0 and substitution with pointer to the next Release   15.4.0
  -------------------- --------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------- --------- --------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
