![](./media/image1.jpeg){width="7.0875in" height="3.4229166666666666in"}

  {#section .TT}

Contents {#contents .TT}
========

[4](#foreword)

[5](#scope)

[5](#references)

[5](#definition-of-terms-symbols-and-abbreviations)

[5](#general)

[5](#to-10-void)

[5](#annex-a-to-h-void)

[6](#annex-i-informative-change-history)Foreword 1 Scope 2 References 3
Definition of terms, symbols and abbreviations 4 General 5 to 10 Void
Annex A to H: Void Annex I (informative): Change history

Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3^rd^ Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

Y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

The present document is part 4 of a multi-part Technical Specification
(TS) covering the New Radio (NR) User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification, which is divided in the following parts:

FFS.

1 Scope
=======

The present document specifies the measurement procedures for the
conformance test of the user equipment (UE) that contain performance
requirements as part of 5G-NR.

The requirements are listed in different clauses only if the
corresponding parameters deviate. More generally, tests are only
applicable to those mobiles that are intended to support the appropriate
functionality. To indicate the circumstances in which tests apply, this
is noted in the \"*definition and applicability*\" part of the test.

For example only Release 15 and later UE declared to support 5G-NR shall
be tested for this functionality. In the event that for some tests
different conditions apply for different releases, this is indicated
within the text of the test itself.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or nonâ€‘specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

> \[1\] to \[16\] (void)

\[17\] 3GPP TS 38.521-4 Release 16: \"NR; User Equipment (UE)
conformance specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 4:
Performance requirements \"

3 Definition of terms, symbols and abbreviations
================================================

Void

4 General
=========

The requirements of the present document are provided in 3GPP TS
38.521-4 Release 16 \[17\].

5 to 10 Void
============

######## Annex A to H: Void

######## Annex I (informative): Change history

  -------------------- ------------------ ----------- -------- --------- --------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  **Change history**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
  **Date**             **Meeting**        **Tdoc**    **CR**   **Rev**   **Cat**   **Subject/Comment**                                                                                                                                                           **New version**
  2018-01                                 R5-180064                                Skeleton for NR Demod spec                                                                                                                                                    0.0.1
  2018-04-13                              R5-182036                                Added the test procedure for FR2 Demod testing in Annex                                                                                                                       0.1.0
  2018-10-12                              R5-185903                                Added the demod spec test case section titles to be in line with RAN4 approved skeleton for 38.101-4                                                                          0.1.1
  2018-11-20           RAN5\#81           R5-188006                                new TC for PDSCH FR1 demod                                                                                                                                                    0.2.0
  2018-11-20           RAN5\#81           R5-188008                                new TC for PDSCH FR2 demod                                                                                                                                                    0.2.0
  2018-11-20           RAN5\#81           R5-187573                                section 3 of 38.521-4 spec                                                                                                                                                    0.2.0
  2018-11-20           RAN5\#81           R5-187845                                section 4 of 38.521-4 spec                                                                                                                                                    0.2.0
  2018-11-20           RAN5\#81           R5-188009                                pCR for new TC addition for FR1 FDD PDSCH Demod                                                                                                                               0.2.0
  2018-11-20           RAN5\#81           R5-188010                                pCR for new TC addition for FR1 FDD PDCCH Demod                                                                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190054                                update to 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance test case                                                                                                              0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190926                                pCR for new TC addition for FR1 4Rx FDD PDSCH Demodulation performance (2x4)                                                                                                  0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190927                                pCR for new TC addition for FR1 4Rx FDD PDSCH Demodulation performance (4x4)                                                                                                  0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190928                                pCR for new TC addition for FR1 4Rx FDD PDSCH Demodulation performance with enhanced receiver type X (4x4)                                                                    0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190291                                Updated to Annex A Measurement Channels for Performance tests                                                                                                                 0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190292                                Updated to Annex B Propagation conditions for Performance tests                                                                                                               0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190458                                update to 2Rx TDD FR2 PDSCH mapping Type A performance test case                                                                                                              0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190461                                2Rx TDD FR2 PDCCH performance test case                                                                                                                                       0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190929                                LTE link setup details for demod test cases                                                                                                                                   0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190930                                Annex for statistical tput calculation for demod test cases                                                                                                                   0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190931                                pCR for TC addition of FR1 TDD 4Rx PDSCH                                                                                                                                      0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190932                                pCR for modification of FDD 2Rx FR1 PDSCH Demod                                                                                                                               0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190933                                Annex for DL and UL Signal Setup                                                                                                                                              0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190934                                pCR for modification of FDD FR1 PDCCH Demod                                                                                                                                   0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190935                                PDSCH and PDCCH Config before measurement                                                                                                                                     0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190986                                38.521-4 Common Section updates to clarify leverage across architecture options                                                                                               0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190552                                Addition of 2Rx TDD FR1 Single PMI tests for both SA and NSA                                                                                                                  0.3.0
  2019-01-25           RAN5 5G-NR AH\#4   R5-190553                                Addition of 2Rx TDD FR1 RI reporting for both SA and NSA                                                                                                                      0.3.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-191183                                Adding relevant references to 38.521-4                                                                                                                                        0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192461                                Adding of test case 6.2.2.1.2.1.2, Rx FDD FR1 periodic wideband CQI reporting under fading conditions for both SA and NSA                                                     0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192672                                Introduction of New test case 5.3.2.2.1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                        0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192463                                Introduction of New test case 5.3.2.2.2 2Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 2 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                        0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192462                                Introduction of New test case 5.3.3.1.1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                        0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192464                                Introduction of New test case 5.3.3.1.2 4Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 2 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                        0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192465                                Introduction of New test case 5.3.3.2.1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                        0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192465                                Introduction of New test case 5.3.3.2.2 4Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 2 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                        0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192474                                Introduction of TS 38.521-4 test case 6.3.2.1.1                                                                                                                               0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192475                                Introduction of TS 38.521-4 test case 6.3.2.1.2                                                                                                                               0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192467                                Introduction of test case 5.2.2.1.2\_1, 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH performance - 2x2 MIMO with baseline receiver for both SA and NSA   0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192840                                Demod spec section 4 update                                                                                                                                                   0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192673                                Update to TDD FR1 2Rx PDSCH Type A test case                                                                                                                                  0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192103                                addition of 2Rx TDD FR1 periodic CQI reporting test case                                                                                                                      0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192468                                pCR for addition of 2Rx TDD FR1 TypeA and CSI-RS overlapped TC                                                                                                                0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192866                                pCR for modification of PDSCH and PDCCH Config before measurement                                                                                                             0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192470                                pCR for modification of FDD FR1 PDCCH Demod                                                                                                                                   0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192471                                pCR for modification of FDD 2Rx FR1 PDSCH Demod                                                                                                                               0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192472                                Update to 2Rx TDD FR1 RI reporting for both SA and NSA                                                                                                                        0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192460                                Minimum test time update for FR1 Demod test case                                                                                                                              0.4.0
  2019-03-01           RAN5\#82           R5-192473                                Addition of Annex F for Demod spec                                                                                                                                            0.4.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83            RP-190222   \-       \-        \-        Presented to the RAN\#83 plenary for 1-step approval                                                                                                                          1.0.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83            \-          \-       \-        \-        raised to v15.0.0 with editorial changes only                                                                                                                                 15.0.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-193544   0030     \-        F         Updates to test case 6.2.2.1.2.1, 2Rx FDD FR1 periodic wideband CQI reporting under fading conditions for both SA and NSA                                                     15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-193943   0035     \-        F         Adding test case 6.2.2.2.2.2, 2Rx TDD FR1 periodic subband CQI reporting under fading conditions for both SA and NSA                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194159   0048     \-        F         Alignment of Annex C with core specification                                                                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194466   0056     \-        F         Introduction of FR1 CQI test case 6.2.2.2.2.1                                                                                                                                 15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194622   0057     \-        F         Corrections TDD UL-DL configurations                                                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194680   0066     \-        F         Demod section 5 general update                                                                                                                                                15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194689   0073     \-        F         Addition of text for FR1 PBCH demodulation test case                                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194690   0074     \-        F         Update to 2Rx TDD FR2 PDSCH Type A test case                                                                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194691   0075     \-        F         Update to FR2 PDCCH config param                                                                                                                                              15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194692   0076     \-        F         Addition of text for FR2 PBCH demodulation test case                                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194693   0077     \-        F         Update to section 8 CSI reporting                                                                                                                                             15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194979   0063     1         F         Further updates to 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A test case                                                                                                                 15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194980   0032     1         F         Introduction of TC 6.4.3.2\_1 4Rx TDD FR1 RI reporting for both SA and NSA                                                                                                    15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194981   0034     1         F         Adding test case 6.2.2.1.2.2, 2Rx FDD FR1 periodic subband CQI reporting under fading conditions for both SA and NSA                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194982   0053     1         F         Update to 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance 4x4 MIMO with baseline Rx                                                                                              15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194983   0054     1         F         Update to 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance 4x4 MIMO with enhanced Rx                                                                                              15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194984   0037     1         F         Editorial changes to TS 38.521-4 test case 6.3.2.1.2                                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194985   0038     1         F         Introduction to TS 38.521-4 test case 6.3.3.1.1                                                                                                                               15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194986   0039     1         F         Introduction to TS 38.521-4 test case 6.3.3.1.2                                                                                                                               15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194987   0040     1         F         Introduction to TS 38.521-4 test case 6.3.3.2.1                                                                                                                               15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194988   0041     1         F         Introduction to TS 38.521-4 test case 6.3.3.2.2                                                                                                                               15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194989   0059     1         F         Modification of 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - enhanced Rx                                                                                                    15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194990   0060     1         F         Modification of 2Rx TDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A and CSI-RS overlapped with PDSCH performance - baseline Rx                                                                   15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194991   0061     1         F         Modification of 2Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx                                                                                                                                        15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194992   0062     1         F         Modification of 2Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 2 Tx                                                                                                                                        15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194993   0042     1         F         Update to test case 5.3.2.2.1 2Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194994   0043     1         F         Update to test case 5.3.2.2.2 2Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 2 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194995   0044     1         F         Update to test case 5.3.3.1.1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194996   0045     1         F         Update to test case 5.3.3.1.2 4Rx FDD FR1 PDCCH 2 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194997   0046     1         F         Update to test case 5.3.3.2.1 4Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 1 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194998   0047     1         F         Update to test case 5.3.3.2.2 4Rx TDD FR1 PDCCH 2 Tx antenna performance for both SA and NSA                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-194999   0055     1         F         Update to FR1 demod test case 5.2.2.1.2\_1                                                                                                                                    15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195000   0078     1         F         Update to RI Reporting Accuracy test                                                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195001   0049     1         F         Updated to Annexes for performance tests                                                                                                                                      15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195002   0068     1         F         Demod section 2-4 update                                                                                                                                                      15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195003   0058     1         F         Modification of 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance - baseline Rx                                                                                                    15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195088   0029     1         F         Editorial Aligning CSI common test parameters with core specification                                                                                                         15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195089   0031     1         F         Updating of E-UTRA test frequency for DEMOD test cases                                                                                                                        15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195098   0079     \-        F         Performance implementation of FR2 UL demod OTA tests using single pol Rx TE                                                                                                   15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195170   0052     1         F         Update to 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH mapping Type A performance 2x4 MIMO with baseline Rx                                                                                              15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195171   0033     1         F         Introducing MU and TT clauses in annex F for Channel State Information reporting test cases                                                                                   15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195172   0069     1         F         Annex update for PDSCH PDCCH minimum test time                                                                                                                                15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195413   0067     1         F         Update to section 9 and 10 of Demod spec                                                                                                                                      15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195438   0050     2         F         Introducing 5.2.2.1.4\_1 2Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type A and LTE-NR coexistence performance                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195439   0051     2         F         Introducing 5.2.3.1.4\_1 4Rx FDD FR1 PDSCH Mapping Type A and LTE-NR coexistence performance                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195440   0064     1         F         Addition of new test case for 2Rx FDD FR1 periodic CQI reporting under AWGN                                                                                                   15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195441   0065     1         F         Update to 2Rx TDD FR1 periodic CQI reporting under AWGN                                                                                                                       15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195442   0070     1         F         Addition of SDR test case for single carrier in SA mode                                                                                                                       15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN5\#83           R5-195443   0072     1         F         Addition of FR1 SDR test case for CA in NSA mode                                                                                                                              15.1.0
  2021-06              RAN5\#92           R5-212171   0305     \-        F         Removal of technical content in 38.521-4 v15.1.0 and substitution with pointer to the next Release                                                                            15.2.0
  -------------------- ------------------ ----------- -------- --------- --------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
