![](./media/image1.jpeg){width="7.0875in" height="3.4229166666666666in"}

 

Contents
========

[3](#contents)

[4](#foreword)

[5](#scope)

[5](#references)

[5](#definitions-symbols-and-abbreviations)

[5](#a-requirements-for-the-support-of-rrm)

[5](#a.1-general)

[5](#to-7-void)

[5](#annex-a-to-h-void)

[6](#annex-i-informative-change-history)Contents Foreword 1 Scope 2
References 3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations 3A Requirements for
the support of RRM 3A.1 General 4 to 7 Void Annex A to H: Void Annex I
(informative): Change history

Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3^rd^ Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

1 Scope
=======

The present document specifies the measurement procedures for the
conformance test of the user equipment (UE) that contain requirements
for support of RRM (Radio Resource Management) as part of the 5G New
Radio (5G-NR). This document covers NR Range 1, NR Range 2 and
Interworking.

The requirements are listed in different clauses only if the
corresponding parameters deviate. More generally, tests are only
applicable to those mobiles that are intended to support the appropriate
functionality. To indicate the circumstances in which tests apply, this
is noted in the "*test applicability*" part of the test.

For example, only Release 15 and later UE declared to support NR shall
be tested for this functionality. In the event that for some tests
different conditions apply for different releases, this is indicated
within the text of the test itself.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions, which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or nonâ€‘specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

> \[1\] to \[31\] (void)

\[32\] 3GPP TS 38.533 Release 16: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio Resource Management (RRM) \"

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

Void

3A Requirements for the support of RRM
======================================

3A.1 General
------------

The requirements of the present document are provided in 3GPP TS 38.533
Release 16 \[32\].

4 to 7 Void
===========

######## Annex A to H: Void

######## Annex I (informative): Change history

  -------------------- ------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------- --------- --------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  **Change history**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  **Date**             **Meeting**        **TDoc**                                                                                         **CR**   **Rev**   **Cat**   **Subject/Comment**                                                                                                                             **New version**
  2017-08              RAN5\#76           R5-175205                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of TS 38.533                                                                                                                       0.0.1
  2018-08              RAN5\#80           R5-184115                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added specification structure including headers up to third level                                                                               0.0.2
  2018-11              RAN5\#81           R5-186706                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added references and common sections                                                                                                            0.1.0
  2018-11              RAN5\#81           R5-187847                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added RMCs, OCGN, SMTC and SSB configurations to Annex A                                                                                        0.1.0
  2018-11              RAN5\#81           R5-187996                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added test cases 6.7.1.1.1 to 6.7.1.2.2                                                                                                         0.1.0
  2018-11              RAN5\#81           R5-187997                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added test cases 4.6.2.1 to 4.6.2.8                                                                                                             0.1.0
  2018-11              RAN5\#81           R5-187998                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added test cases 5.6.2.1 to 5.6.2.4                                                                                                             0.1.0
  2018-11              RAN5\#81           R5-187999                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added test cases 6.6.2.1 to 6.6.2.8                                                                                                             0.1.0
  2018-11              RAN5\#81           R5-188000                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added test cases 7.6.2.1 to 7.6.2.4                                                                                                             0.1.0
  2018-11              RAN5\#81           R5-188001                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added test case 4.4.1.1                                                                                                                         0.1.0
  2018-11              RAN5\#81           R5-188002                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added test cases 4.7.1.1.1 to 4.7.1.2.2                                                                                                         0.1.0
  2018-11              RAN5\#81           R5-188005                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added Annexes B to H                                                                                                                            0.1.0
  2018-11              RAN5\#81           R5-188011                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Added test case 4.4.3.1                                                                                                                         0.1.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190448                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Updating FR1 MU for timing measurements                                                                                                         0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190476                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of band group power offsets                                                                                                            0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190477                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Update of the annexes                                                                                                                           0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190478                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Changes to 4.7.1.x tests                                                                                                                        0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190479                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of 4.7.2.x tests                                                                                                                       0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190480                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of 4.7.4.x tests                                                                                                                       0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190481                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Changes to 6.7.1.x tests                                                                                                                        0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190482                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of 6.7.2.x tests                                                                                                                       0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190483                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of 6.7.4.x tests                                                                                                                       0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190512                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 radio link monitoring out-of-sync test for PSCell configured with CSI-RS-based RLM RS in non-DRX mode test case 4.5.1.5   0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190513                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 radio link monitoring in-sync test for PSCell configured with CSI-RS-based RLM RS in non-DRX mode test case 4.5.1.6       0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190514                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 radio link monitoring out-of-sync test for PSCell configured with CSI-RS-based RLM RS in DRX mode test case 4.5.1.7       0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190515                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 radio link monitoring in-sync test for PSCell configured with CSI-RS-based RLM RS in DRX mode test case 4.5.1.8           0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190516                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 interruptions at transitions between active and non-active during DRX in synchronous EN-DC test case 4.5.2.1              0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190517                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 interruptions at transitions between active and non-active during DRX in asynchronous EN-DC test case 4.5.2.2             0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190518                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 interruptions during measurements on deactivated NR SCC in synchronous EN-DC test case 4.5.2.3                            0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190519                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 interruptions during measurements on deactivated NR SCC in asynchronous EN-DC test case 4.5.2.4                           0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190520                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 interruptions during measurements on deactivated E-UTRAN SCC in synchronous EN-DC test case 4.5.2.5                       0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190582                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Annex F correction                                                                                                                              0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190803                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Update Annex G in TS 38.533                                                                                                                     0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190874                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 6.6.1.1-reporting without gap non-DRX                                                                                  0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190875                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 6.6.1.2-reporting without gap DRX                                                                                      0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190876                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 6.6.1.3-with gap non DRX                                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190877                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 6.6.1.4-with gap DRX                                                                                                   0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190878                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 6.6.1.5-without gap non DRX SBI reading                                                                                0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190879                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 6.6.1.6-with gap non DRX SBI reading                                                                                   0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190880                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        CR to 38.533 annex for event triggered reorting test cases                                                                                      0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190881                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 event triggered reporting test case 4.6.1.5                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190882                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 event triggered reporting test case 4.6.1.6                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190883                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 event triggered reporting test case 4.6.1.3                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190884                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 event triggered reporting test case 4.6.1.4                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190885                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of defualt config for event triggered test cases                                                                                       0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190886                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of 5G RRM TC 4.5.3.1                                                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190887                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of 5G RRM TC 4.5.3.2                                                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190888                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of 5G RRM TC 4.5.3.3                                                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190889                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of 5G RRM TC 4.6.1.1                                                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190890                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of 5G RRM TC 4.6.1.2                                                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190891                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of 5G RRM TC 5.5.3.1                                                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190892                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of 5G RRM TC 6.6.3.1                                                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190893                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        pCR for Addition of TC 6.5.1.3 NR SA FR1 RLM OOS in DRX                                                                                         0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190894                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        pCR for Addition of TC 6.4.3.1 NR SA FR1 TAA Accuracy                                                                                           0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190895                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        pCR for Modification of TC 4.4.3.1 EN-DC FR1 TAA accuracy                                                                                       0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190896                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        pCR for Addition of TC 6.5.1.1 NR SA FR1 RLM OOS                                                                                                0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190897                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        pCR for Addition of TC 4.5.1.1 EN-DC FR1 RLM OOS                                                                                                0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190898                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        pCR for Addition of TC 4.5.1.3 EN-DC FR1 RLM OOS in DRX                                                                                         0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190899                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Update to EN-DC FR1 transmit timing accuracy test                                                                                               0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190900                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 RLM IS non-DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                 0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190901                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of EN-DC FR1 RLM IS DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                     0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190902                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR SA FR1 RLM IS non-DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                 0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190903                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR SA FR1 RLM IS DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                     0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190904                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Correction of RRM 5G Test Cases 4.6.2 - EN-DC FR1-FR1 Inter-frequency measurements                                                              0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190905                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Correction of RRM 5G Test Cases 6.6.2 - NR SA FR1-FR1 Inter-frequency measurements                                                              0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190906                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Correction of RRM 5G Test Cases 7.6.2 - NR SA FR2-FR2 Inter-frequency measurements                                                              0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190907                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of RRM Test Cases 4.5.2.6: EN-DC FR1 interruptions during measurements on deactivated E-UTRAN SCC in asynchronous EN-DC                0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190908                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of RRM Test Cases 5.5.2.1: EN-DC FR2 interruptions at transitions between active and non-active during DRX in synchronous EN-DC        0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190909                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of RRM Test Cases 5.5.2.2: EN-DC FR2 interruptions at transitions between active and non-active during DRX in asynchronous EN-DC       0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190910                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of RRM Test Cases 5.5.2.3: EN-DC FR2 interruptions during measurements on deactivated NR SCC in synchronous EN-DC                      0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190911                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of RRM Test Cases 5.5.2.4: EN-DC FR2 interruptions during measurements on deactivated NR SCC in asynchronous EN-DC                     0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190912                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of RRM Test Cases 5.5.2.5: EN-DC FR2 interruptions during measurements on deactivated E-UTRAN SCC in synchronous EN-DC                 0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190913                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of RRM Test Cases 5.5.2.6: EN-DC FR2 interruptions during measurements on deactivated E-UTRAN SCC in asynchronous EN-DC                0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190914                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of RRM Test Cases 6.1.1.1: NR SA FR1 cell re-selection                                                                                 0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190915                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of RRM Test Cases 6.1.1.2: NR SA FR1-FR1 cell re-selection                                                                             0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190916                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of cell re-selection to higher priority E-UTRAN test case 6.1.2.1                                                                      0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190917                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of cell re-selection to lower priority E-UTRAN test case 6.1.2.2                                                                       0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190918                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of SA NR to E-UTRAN handover test case 6.3.1.4                                                                                         0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190919                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of SA NR to E-UTRAN handover test case 6.3.1.5                                                                                         0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190920                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR SA FR1 UE UL carrier RRC reconfiguration delay test case 6.5.4.1                                                                 0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190921                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR SA FR1 CSI-RS based RLM out-of-sync non-DRX test case 6.5.1.5                                                                    0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190922                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR SA FR1 CSI-RS based RLM in-sync non-DRX test case 6.5.1.6                                                                        0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190923                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR SA FR1 CSI-RS based RLM out-of-sync in DRX test case 6.5.1.7                                                                     0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190924                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR SA FR1 CSI-RS based RLM in-sync in DRX test case 6.5.1.8                                                                         0.2.0
  2019-01              RAN5\#4 5G-NR AH   R5-190987                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        38.533 Common Section updates to clarify leverage across architecture options                                                                   0.2.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191484](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191484.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction Annex G                                                                                                                              0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191485](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191485.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction NSA Options                                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191486](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191486.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Modifications NSA FR1 SS-RSRP tests                                                                                                             0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191487](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191487.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Modifications NSA FR1 SS-RSRQ tests                                                                                                             0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191488](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191488.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Modifications NSA FR1 L1-RSRP tests                                                                                                             0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191489](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191489.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Modifications SA FR1 SS-RSRP tests                                                                                                              0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191490](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191490.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Modifications SA FR1 SS-RSRQ tests                                                                                                              0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191491](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191491.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Modifications SA FR1 L1-RSRP tests                                                                                                              0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191492](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191492.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Addition NSA FR1 BWP switch tests                                                                                                               0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191493](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191493.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Addition SA FR1 BWP switch tests                                                                                                                0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191494](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191494.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Addition NSA FR2 BWP switch tests                                                                                                               0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191495](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191495.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Addition SA FR2 BWP switch tests                                                                                                                0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191720](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191720.zip)   \-       \-        \-        addition of cell mapping for BFD and measurement                                                                                                0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191924](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191924.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of default message contents for RRM                                                                                                  0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191926](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191926.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Addition of event-triggered reporting Test Cases to Cell configuration mapping in Annex E                                                       0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191930](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191930.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.3                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191931](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191931.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.4                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191934](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191934.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.7                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191935](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191935.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.8                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191936](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191936.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Addition of Minimum conformance requirements 5.6.2.0                                                                                            0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191937](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191937.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.1                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191938](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191938.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.2                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191939](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191939.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.3                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191940](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191940.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.4                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191945](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191945.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Addition of Minimum conformance requirements 7.6.2.0                                                                                            0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191946](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191946.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.1                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191947](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191947.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.2                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191948](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191948.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.3                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191949](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191949.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.4                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191950](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191950.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.5                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191951](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191951.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.6                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191952](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191952.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.7                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-191953](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-191953.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.8                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-192062](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-192062.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Update of EN-DC FR1 event triggered reporting test case 4.6.1.6                                                                                 0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-192063](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-192063.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Update of EN-DC FR1 event triggered reporting test case 4.6.1.3                                                                                 0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-192064](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-192064.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Update of EN-DC FR1 event triggered reporting test case 4.6.1.4                                                                                 0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           [R5-192221](http://www.3gpp.org/ftp/tsg_ran/WG5_Test_ex-T1/TSGR5_82_Athens/Docs/R5-192221.zip)   \-       \-        \-        Update on RRC\_Connected generic procedure within RRM tests                                                                                     0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192477                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of FR1 EN-DC Contention based random access Test case                                                                              0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192478                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of FR1 EN-DC non-Contention based random access Test case                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192479                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of FR1 standalone Contention based random access Test case                                                                         0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192480                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Introduction of FR1 standalone Non-contention based random access Test case                                                                     0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192481                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Updated to 5G RRM TC 4.6.1.1                                                                                                                    0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192482                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Updated to 5G RRM TC 4.6.1.2                                                                                                                    0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192483                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 6.7.1.3.1-absolute RSRP                                                                                                0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192484                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 6.7.1.3.2-relative RSRP                                                                                                0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192485                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 6.5.5.3 FR1 CSI-RS BFD nonDRX                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192486                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 6.5.5.4 FR1 CSI-RS BFD DRX                                                                                             0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192487                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 7.5.5.1 FR2 SSB BFD nonDRX                                                                                             0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192488                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 7.5.5.2 FR2 SSB BFD DRX                                                                                                0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192489                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 7.5.5.3 FR2 CSI-RS BFD nonDRX                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192490                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Addition of NR test case 7.5.5.4 FR2 CSI-RS BFD DRX                                                                                             0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192492                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.1                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192493                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.2                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192494                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.5                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192495                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.6                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192496                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 6.6.2.1                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192497                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 6.6.2.2                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192498                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 6.6.2.3                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192499                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 6.6.2.4                                                                                                          0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192500                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Update of EN-DC FR1 event triggered reporting test case 4.6.1.5                                                                                 0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192503                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Update to EN-DC FR1 transmit timing accuracy test                                                                                               0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192674                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Update to EN-DC FR1 RLM IS non-DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                   0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192675                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Update to EN-DC FR1 RLM IS DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                       0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192676                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Update to NR SA FR1 RLM IS non-DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                   0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192677                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Update to NR SA FR1 RLM IS DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                       0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN5\#82           R5-192678                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        pCR for modification of TAAA TC for EN-DC FR1                                                                                                   0.3.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83            RP-190161                                                                                        \-       \-        \-        Presented to the RAN\#83 plenary for 1-step approval                                                                                            1.0.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83            \-                                                                                               \-       \-        \-        Upgraded to Rel-15 with small editorial changes                                                                                                 15.0.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193578                                                                                        0100     \-        F         Update the test case number of TC 4.3.2.2.2                                                                                                     15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193755                                                                                        0102     \-        F         Update of Minimum conformance requirements 6.6.1.0                                                                                              15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193758                                                                                        0104     \-        F         Update of EN-DC RLM in-sync in non-DRX test case 4.5.1.6                                                                                        15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193759                                                                                        0105     \-        F         Update of EN-DC RLM out-of-sync in DRX test case 4.5.1.7                                                                                        15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193760                                                                                        0106     \-        F         Update of EN-DC RLM in-sync in DRX test case 4.5.1.8                                                                                            15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193761                                                                                        0107     \-        F         Addition of Minimum conformance requirements 6.3.2                                                                                              15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193762                                                                                        0108     \-        F         Addition of NR RRM TC 6.3.2.1.1-Intra Freq RRC Re-establishment                                                                                 15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193763                                                                                        0109     \-        F         Addition of FR1-FR1 re-establishment test case 6.3.2.1.2                                                                                        15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193764                                                                                        0110     \-        F         Addition of FR1 RRC connection release with redirection test case 6.3.2.3.1                                                                     15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193765                                                                                        0111     \-        F         Addition of FR1-E-UTRA RRC connection release with redirection test case 6.3.2.3.2                                                              15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193766                                                                                        0112     \-        F         Update of TC 6.5.1.5 SA FR1 CSI-RS RLM OOS non-DRX                                                                                              15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193767                                                                                        0113     \-        F         Update of TC 6.5.1.6 SA FR1 CSI-RS RLM IS non-DRX                                                                                               15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193768                                                                                        0114     \-        F         Update of TC 6.5.1.7 SA FR1 CSI-RS RLM OOS DRX                                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193769                                                                                        0115     \-        F         Update of TC 6.5.1.8 SA FR1 CSI-RS RLM IS DRX                                                                                                   15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193770                                                                                        0116     \-        F         Addition of Minimum conformance requirements 6.5.5.0                                                                                            15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193771                                                                                        0117     \-        F         Update of TC 6.5.5.3 SA FR1 CSI-RS BFD non-DRX                                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193772                                                                                        0118     \-        F         Update of TC 6.5.5.4 SA FR1 CSI-RS BFD DRX                                                                                                      15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193773                                                                                        0119     \-        F         Addition of Minimum conformance requirements 7.5.5.0                                                                                            15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193774                                                                                        0120     \-        F         Update of TC 7.5.5.1 SA FR2 SSB BFD non-DRX                                                                                                     15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193775                                                                                        0121     \-        F         Update of TC 7.5.5.2 SA FR2 SSB BFD DRX                                                                                                         15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193776                                                                                        0122     \-        F         Update of TC 7.5.5.3 SA FR2 CSI-RS BFD non-DRX                                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193777                                                                                        0123     \-        F         Update of TC 7.5.5.4 SA FR2 CSI-RS BFD DRX                                                                                                      15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193778                                                                                        0124     \-        F         Addition of Minimum conformance requirements 7.6.1.0                                                                                            15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193779                                                                                        0125     \-        F         Addition of 7.6.1.1 SA FR2 RRM measurement no-gap non-DRX                                                                                       15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193780                                                                                        0126     \-        F         Addition of 7.6.1.2 SA FR2 RRM measurement no-gap DRX                                                                                           15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193781                                                                                        0127     \-        F         Addition of 7.6.1.3 SA FR2 RRM measurement gap non-DRX                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193782                                                                                        0128     \-        F         Addition of 7.6.1.4 SA FR2 RRM measurement gap DRX                                                                                              15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193784                                                                                        0130     \-        F         Update of FR1 cell re-selection test case 6.1.1.1                                                                                               15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193785                                                                                        0131     \-        F         Update of FR1-FR1 cell re-selection test case 6.1.1.2                                                                                           15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193786                                                                                        0132     \-        F         Update of FR1-EUTRA higher priority cell re-selection test case 6.1.2.1                                                                         15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193787                                                                                        0133     \-        F         Update of FR1-EUTRA lower priority cell re-selection test case 6.1.2.2                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193788                                                                                        0134     \-        F         Update of FR1-EUTRA handover known cell test case 6.3.1.4                                                                                       15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193790                                                                                        0136     \-        F         Update of 6.6.1.1 SA FR1 RRM measurement no-gap non-DRX                                                                                         15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193791                                                                                        0137     \-        F         Update of 6.6.1.2 SA FR1 RRM measurement no-gap DRX                                                                                             15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193792                                                                                        0138     \-        F         Update of 6.6.1.3 SA FR1 RRM measurement gap non-DRX                                                                                            15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193793                                                                                        0139     \-        F         Update of 6.6.1.4 SA FR1 RRM measurement gap DRX                                                                                                15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193794                                                                                        0140     \-        F         Update of FR1 event-triggered without gap with SSB index test case 6.6.1.5                                                                      15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193795                                                                                        0141     \-        F         Update of FR1 event-triggered with gap with SSB index test case 6.6.1.6                                                                         15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193812                                                                                        0145     \-        F         Addition of 6.3.2.2 minimum conformance requirements                                                                                            15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193872                                                                                        0146     \-        F         Introduction of TC 4.5.5.4 EN-DC FR1 CSI-RS-based beam failure detection and link recovery in DRX                                               15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-193949                                                                                        0148     \-        F         Correction of PRACH Configurations                                                                                                              15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194328                                                                                        0153     \-        F         Additional of new reference used in RRM test spec                                                                                               15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194329                                                                                        0154     \-        F         Correction of reference spec number in RRM spec                                                                                                 15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194494                                                                                        0165     \-        F         Addition missing Editor\'s note 4.5.2.5                                                                                                         15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194549                                                                                        0173     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.1                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194550                                                                                        0174     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.2                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194551                                                                                        0175     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.3                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194552                                                                                        0176     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.4                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194553                                                                                        0177     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.5                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194555                                                                                        0179     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.7                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194556                                                                                        0180     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.8                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194557                                                                                        0181     \-        F         Correction of Minimum conformance requirements 6.6.2.0                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194562                                                                                        0186     \-        F         Correction of Minimum conformance requirements 7.6.2.0                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194564                                                                                        0188     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.2                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194565                                                                                        0189     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.3                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194566                                                                                        0190     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.4                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194567                                                                                        0191     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.5                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194568                                                                                        0192     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.6                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194569                                                                                        0193     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.7                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194570                                                                                        0194     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.8                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194571                                                                                        0195     \-        F         Correction of Minimum conformance requirements 7.3.2.1.0                                                                                        15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194572                                                                                        0196     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.3.2.1.1                                                                                                        15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194573                                                                                        0197     \-        F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.3.2.1.2                                                                                                        15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194700                                                                                        0208     \-        F         Clean-up in EN-DC FR1 transmit timing accuracy test                                                                                             15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194702                                                                                        0210     \-        F         Update to EN-DC FR1 RLM IS DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                       15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194703                                                                                        0211     \-        F         Update to NR SA FR1 RLM IS non-DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                   15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194704                                                                                        0212     \-        F         Update to NR SA FR1 RLM IS DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                       15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194710                                                                                        0214     \-        F         Update to E-UTRA configuration for RRM EN-DC tests to align with core spec update                                                               15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-194713                                                                                        0216     \-        F         Update to EN-DC FR1 RLM IS DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                       15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195013                                                                                        0156     1         F         Updated to EN-DC FR1 RRM tests in clause 4.5.3                                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195016                                                                                        0198     1         F         Test tolerance and measurement uncertainty in Annex F for Inter-Freq measurement test cases                                                     15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195017                                                                                        0129     1         F         Addition of default configuration in Annex H                                                                                                    15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195018                                                                                        0143     1         F         Update of 6.3.2.2.1 random access                                                                                                               15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195019                                                                                        0144     1         F         Update of 6.3.2.2.2 non-contention random access                                                                                                15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195020                                                                                        0151     1         F         Updated to EN-DC FR1 RRM tests in cluase 4.6.1                                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195021                                                                                        0207     1         F         Modification of EN-DC FR1 TAAA                                                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195024                                                                                        0199     1         F         Modification of EN-DC FR1 SSB RLM OOS in non-DRX                                                                                                15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195025                                                                                        0200     1         F         Modification of EN-DC FR1 SSB RLM OOS in DRX                                                                                                    15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195026                                                                                        0201     1         F         Modification of NR SA FR1 TAAA                                                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195027                                                                                        0202     1         F         Modification of SA FR1 SSB RLM OOS in non-DRX                                                                                                   15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195028                                                                                        0203     1         F         Modification of SA FR1 SSB RLM OOS in DRX                                                                                                       15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195029                                                                                        0204     1         F         Modification of EN-DC FR2 TAAA                                                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195030                                                                                        0205     1         F         Modification of EN-DC FR2 SSB RLM OOS in non-DRX                                                                                                15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195031                                                                                        0206     1         F         Modification of EN-DC FR2 SSB RLM OOS in DRX                                                                                                    15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195032                                                                                        0219     1         F         Update to EN-DC FR2 RLM IS non-DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                   15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195033                                                                                        0220     1         F         Update to EN-DC FR2 RLM IS DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                       15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195034                                                                                        0221     1         F         Addition of EN-DC FR2 Transmit Timing Accuracy tests                                                                                            15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195035                                                                                        0209     1         F         Update to EN-DC FR1 RLM IS non-DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                   15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195036                                                                                        0150     1         F         Correction to EN-DC FR1 UE transmit timing accuracy TC 4.4.1.1                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195037                                                                                        0155     1         F         Updated to cell configuration mapping table for RRM tests                                                                                       15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195038                                                                                        0147     1         F         Introduction of TC 6.5.2.1 NR SA FR1 interruptions during measurements on deactivated NR SCC                                                    15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195039                                                                                        0178     1         F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 5.6.2.6                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195040                                                                                        0166     1         F         Correction of default message content for RRM in Annex H                                                                                        15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195041                                                                                        0217     1         F         Update to NR SA FR1 RLM IS non-DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                   15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195042                                                                                        0218     1         F         Update to NR SA FR1 RLM IS DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                       15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195043                                                                                        0215     1         F         Update to EN-DC FR1 RLM IS non-DRX test with SSB-based RLM RS                                                                                   15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195044                                                                                        0187     1         F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 7.6.2.1                                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195045                                                                                        0103     1         F         Update of EN-DC RLM out-of-sync in non-DRX test case 4.5.1.5                                                                                    15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195099                                                                                        0223     \-        F         RRM implementation of FR2 UL demod OTA tests using single pol Rx TE                                                                             15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195173                                                                                        0167     1         F         Correction of Minimum conformance requirements 4.6.2.0                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195174                                                                                        0168     1         F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.1 with FR1 Test tolerance                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195175                                                                                        0169     1         F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.2 with FR1 Test tolerance                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195176                                                                                        0170     1         F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.3 with FR1 Test tolerance                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195177                                                                                        0171     1         F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 4.6.2.4 with FR1 Test tolerance                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195179                                                                                        0172     1         F         Correction of Minimum conformance requirements 5.6.2.0                                                                                          15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195182                                                                                        0142     1         F         Addition of FR1-E-UTRAN event-triggered reporting in DRX test case 6.6.3.2                                                                      15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195185                                                                                        0158     1         F         Update of FR1 Test tolerance and uncertainties in AnnexF                                                                                        15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195186                                                                                        0182     1         F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 6.6.2.1 with FR1 Test tolerance                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195187                                                                                        0183     1         F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 6.6.2.2 with FR1 Test tolerance                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195188                                                                                        0184     1         F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 6.6.2.3 with FR1 Test tolerance                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195189                                                                                        0185     1         F         Correction of 5G RRM Test Case 6.6.2.4 with FR1 Test tolerance                                                                                  15.1.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84            R5-195445                                                                                        0152     2         F         Updated to SA FR1 RRM tests in clause 6.6.3                                                                                                     15.1.0
  2021-06              RAN\#92            R5-212176                                                                                        1136     \-        F         Removal of technical content in 38.533 v15.1.0 and substitution with pointer to the next Release                                                15.2.0
  -------------------- ------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------- --------- --------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
