![](./media/image1.jpeg){width="7.0875in" height="3.4229166666666666in"}

Contents {#contents .TT}
========

[4](#foreword)

[4](#introduction)

[5](#scope)

[5](#references)

[5](#definitions-symbols-and-abbreviations)

[5](#general-principles)

[5](#to-8-void)

[5](#annex-a-to-e-void)

[6](#annex-f-change-history)Foreword Introduction 1 Scope 2 References 3
Definitions, symbols and abbreviations 4 General Principles 5 to 8 Void
Annex A to E: Void Annex F: Change history

Foreword
========

This Technical Report has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

Introduction
============

FFS

1 Scope
=======

The present document specifies a general method used to derive
Measurement Uncertainties and Test Tolerances for UE conformance tests.
The acceptable uncertainties for each test case are documented and
establish a system for relating the Test Tolerances to the measurement
uncertainties of the Test System.

For UE radio transmitting and reception tests, only FR2 is considered in
this document. For UE RRM and Demodulation tests, both FR1 and FR2 are
considered in this document.

The test cases which have been analysed to determine Test Tolerances are
included as .zip files.

The present document is applicable from Release 15 up to the release
indicated on the front page of the present Terminal conformance
specifications.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or nonâ€‘specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

> \[1\] to \[15\] (void)

\[16\] 3GPP TR 38.903 Release 16: \"NR; Derivation of test tolerances
and measurement uncertainty for User Equipment (UE) conformance test
cases \"

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

Void

4 General Principles
====================

The requirements of the present document are provided in 3GPP TR 38.903
Release 16 \[16\].

5 to 8 Void
===========

######### Annex A to E: Void

######### Annex F: Change history

  -------------------- ---------------------- ----------- -------- --------- --------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  **Change history**                                                                                                                                                                      
  **Date**             **Meeting**            **TDoc**    **CR**   **Rev**   **Cat**   **Subject/Comment**                                                                                **New version**
  2017-09              RAN5 \#76              R5-174706                                Initial skeleton                                                                                   0.0.1
  2018-04              RAN5 \#2-5G-NR-Adhoc   R5-182093                                Implementation of pCRs to TS 38.903 V0.0.1                                                         0.1.0
  2018-05              RAN5\#79               R5-182670                                Editorial update of TR 38.903.                                                                     0.2.0
  2018-09              RAN5\#80               R5-185213                                Making Measurement Uncertainty Terms Common between methods in TR 38.90                            1.0.0
  2018-09              RAN5\#80               R5-185214                                TP on Measurement Uncertainty Contributions in FR2                                                 1.0.0
  2018-09              RAN5\#80               R5-185212                                Adding MU values for EIRPTRP measurements with Near Field test range (NFTF) at mmWave              1.0.0
  2018-09              RAN\#81                \-          \-       \-        \-        raised to v15.0.0 with editorial changes only                                                      15.0.0
  2018-12              RAN\#82                R5-187023   0010     \-        F         Editorial update of Annex B                                                                        15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN\#82                R5-187024   0011     \-        F         Addition of MU contribution for demodulation test cases                                            15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN\#82                R5-187025   0012     \-        F         Addition of MU contribution for RRM test cases                                                     15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN\#82                R5-187148   0013     \-        F         General clauses updated for TR38.903                                                               15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN\#82                R5-187848   0008     1         F         FR2 Spurious Emission measurement grids and offset values                                          15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN\#82                R5-188060   0019     1         F         Update of MU budget and contributor description to TR 38.903                                       15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN\#82                R5-188224   0009     1         F         Update MU budget in TR 38.903                                                                      15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN\#82                R5-188225   0016     1         F         Update of MU budget tables in TR 38.903                                                            15.1.0
  2018-12              RAN\#82                R5-188226   0017     2         F         Addition of descriptions on new MU contributions                                                   15.1.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83                R5-192476   0030     1         F         Addition of Test Tolerance analysis for FR1 PRACH Test cases                                       15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83                R5-192504   0038     1         F         Addition of TT analysis for Transmit timing accuracy Tests                                         15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83                R5-192505   0031     1         F         Addition common text for RRM                                                                       15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83                R5-192534   0039     \-        F         Addition of TT Analysis for Timing Advance Adjustment Accuracy 4.4.3.1                             15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83                R5-192671   0033     1         F         Addition of TT analysis for event triggered test cases                                             15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83                R5-192679   0036     1         F         Addition of TT analysis for handover with known cell                                               15.2.0
  2019-03              RAN\#83                R5-192845   0029     1         F         CR to update TR 38.903                                                                             15.2.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84                R5-193799   0048     \-        F         FR1 Test tolerance analysis for intra re-selection 6.1.1.1                                         15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84                R5-193800   0049     \-        F         FR1 Test tolerance analysis for inter re-selection 6.1.1.2                                         15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84                R5-193801   0050     \-        F         FR1 Test tolerance analysis for interRAT higher priority re-selection 6.1.2.1                      15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84                R5-193802   0051     \-        F         FR1 Test tolerance analysis for interRAT lower priority re-selection 6.1.2.2                       15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84                R5-193803   0052     \-        F         FR1 Test tolerance analysis for interRAT known handover 6.3.1.4                                    15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84                R5-194027   0057     \-        F         CR on spurious emission MU in FR2                                                                  15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84                R5-194123   0058     \-        F         Definition of MU terminologies in TR 38.903                                                        15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84                R5-195014   0054     1         F         FR1 Test tolerance analysis for EN-DC SCell activation 4.5.3.1-4.5.3.3                             15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84                R5-195015   0060     1         F         Test Tolerance analysis for Inter-Freq measurement Test Cases                                      15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84                R5-195159   0059     1         F         CR to update TR 38.903 after RAN5\#5-5GNR Adhoc                                                    15.3.0
  2019-06              RAN\#84                R5-195181   0055     1         F         FR1 Test tolerance analysis for EN-DC measurement reporting 4.6.1.1-4.6.1.4                        15.3.0
  2021-06              RAN\#92                R5-212177   0229     \-        F         Removal of technical content in 38.903 v15.3.0 and substitution with pointer to the next Release   15.4.0
  -------------------- ---------------------- ----------- -------- --------- --------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
