7 Receiver characteristics
==========================

7.1 General
-----------

Unless otherwise stated the receiver characteristics are specified at
the antenna connector(s) of the UE. For UE(s) with an integral antenna
only, a reference antenna(s) with a gain of 0 dBi is assumed for each
antenna port(s). UE with an integral antenna(s) may be taken into
account by converting these power levels into field strength
requirements, assuming a 0 dBi gain antenna. For UEs with more than one
receiver antenna connector, identical interfering signals shall be
applied to each receiver antenna port if more than one of these is used
(diversity).

The levels of the test signal applied to each of the antenna connectors
shall be as defined in the respective clauses below.

The applicability of receiver requirements for *Band* n90 *is in
accordance with that for Band n41; a UE supporting Band* n90 *shall meet
the minimum requirements for Band n41.*

With the exception of clause 7.3, the requirements shall be verified
with the network signalling value NS\_01 configured (Table 6.2.3-1).

All the parameters in clause 7 are defined using the UL reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.2.2, the DL reference
measurement channels specified in Annex A.3.2 and using the set-up
specified in Annex C.3.1.

The minium requirements specified in clauses 7.5, 7.6, 7.7 and 7.8 for
NR band n48 refer to the minimum requirements for NR bands \< 2.7 GHz.

For the additional requirements for intra-band non-contiguous carrier
aggregation of two or more sub-blocks, an in-gap test refers to the case
when the interfering signal is located at a negative offset with respect
to the assigned lowest channel frequency of the highest sub-block and
located at a positive offset with respect to the assigned highest
channel frequency of the lowest sub-block.

For the additional requirements for intra-band non-contiguous carrier
aggregation of two or more sub-blocks, an out-of-gap test refers to the
case when the interfering signal(s) is (are) located at a positive
offset with respect to the assigned channel frequency of the highest
carrier frequency, or located at a negative offset with respect to the
assigned channel frequency of the lowest carrier frequency.

For the additional requirements for intra-band non-contiguous carrier
aggregation of two or more sub-blocks with channel bandwidth larger than
or equal to 5 MHz, the existing adjacent channel selectivity
requirements, in-band blocking requirements (for each case), and narrow
band blocking requirements apply for in-gap tests only if the
corresponding interferer frequency offsets with respect to the two
measured carriers satisfy the following condition in relation to the
sub-block gap size W~gap~ for at least one of these carriers *j* = 1,2,
so that the interferer frequency position does not change the nature of
the core requirement tested:

Wgap ≥ 2∙\|FInterferer (offset)~,*j*~\| -- BWChannel(*~j~*)

where F~Interferer\ (offset),*j*~ for a sub-block with a single
component carrier is the interferer frequency offset with respect to
carrier *j* as specified in clause 7.5, clause 7.6.2 and clause 7.6.4
for the respective requirement and BW~Channel(*j*)~ the channel
bandwidth of carrier *j*. F~Interferer\ (offset),j~ for a sub-block with
two or more contiguous component carriers is the interference frequency
offset with respect to the carrier adjacent to the gap is specified in
clause 7.5A, 7.6A.2 and 7.6A.3. The interferer frequency offsets for
adjacent channel selectivity, each in-band blocking case and narrow-
band blocking shall be tested separately with a single in-gap interferer
at a time.

For the additional requirements for operation with shared spectrum
channel access, the receiver requirements apply under the assumption
that all 20 MHz sub-bands and all RB's of each sub-band within the
downlink channel are allocated with intra-cell guard bands configured to
zero.

Unless otherwise stated, the receiver requirements of inter-band UL CA
are applicable to UE with one Tx antenna connector in each of the two
bands, or UE with one Tx antenna connector in one band and two Tx
antenna connectors in the other band.

Unless otherwise stated, the receiver requirements of single carrier or
CA operation are applicable to UE with one Tx antenna connector or
multiple Tx antenna connectors with UL MIMO or Tx diversity operation in
the UL band(s).

7.1A General
------------

The minimum requirements for band combinations including Band n41 also
apply for the corresponding band combinations with Band n90 replacing
Band n41 but with otherwise identical parameters. For brevity the said
band combinations with Band n90 are not listed in the tables below but
are covered by this specification.

The minium requirements specified in clauses 7.5A, 7.6A, 7.7A and 7.8A
for NR band n48 refer to the minimum requirements for NR bands \<
2.7 GHz.

7.1F General
------------

For wideband operations, the minimum requirements for the receiver
characteristics are specified when zero width intra-cell guardbands are
configured and with all RB set(s) within the channel scheduled and with
all RB sets available for DL transmissions according to the channel
access procedures in \[14\].

Unless stated otherwise, when a clause is not present for shared
spectrum channel access, the general requirements and the additional
clause requirements (suffices A,B,D) in clause 7 apply.

7.1G (Reserved)
---------------

7.1H (Reserved)
---------------

7.1I General
------------

For a (e)Redcap UE the requirements in Section 7 shall be verified with
the channel bandwidth up to 20MHz and REFSENS specified in clause 7.3I.

7.1J General for ATG
--------------------

Unless otherwise stated, the receiver characteristics are specified at
the antenna connector(s) of the ATG UE with one or multiple
omni-directional antenna(s) or at the *transceiver array boundary* (TAB)
connectors of the ATG UE with the antenna array. The definition about
*transceiver array boundary* (TAB) is specified in clause 4.3.2 of TS
38.104 \[16\].

For ATG UE with multiple omni-directional antennas not indicating the
capability *antennaArrayType-r18*, the receiver RF requirements are
defined on top of each antenna connector.

For ATG UE with antenna array indicating the capability
*antennaArrayType-r18*, the receiver RF requirements are defined on top
of each TAB connector.

7.1K (Reserved)
---------------

7.1L (Reserved)
---------------

7.2 Diversity characteristics
-----------------------------

The UE is required to be equipped with a minimum of two Rx antenna ports
in all operating bands except for the bands n7, n38, n41, n48, n77, n78,
n79, n104 where the UE is required to be equipped with a minimum of four
Rx antenna ports. This requirement applies when the band is used as a
standalone band or as part of a band combination.

Unless otherwise stated, the following applicability rules apply,

\- For the single carrier REFSENS requirements in Clause 7, the UE shall
be verified with two Rx antenna ports in all supported frequency bands,
additional requirements for four Rx ports shall be verified in operating
bands where the UE is equipped with four Rx antenna ports, and
additional requirements for four and eight Rx ports shall be verified in
operating bands where the UE is equipped with eight Rx antenna ports.

\- For Rx requirements other than single carrier REFSENS in Clause 7,
the UE shall be verified with four Rx antenna ports and skip two Rx
antenna ports requirements in operating bands where the UE is equipped
with four Rx antenna ports, the UE shall be verified with eight Rx
antenna ports and skip both two and four Rx antenna ports requirements
in operating bands where the UE is equipped with eight Rx antenna ports
unless the UE does not support eight Rx ports for band(s) in a band
combination in which case those band(s) shall be verified with four Rx
antenna ports, otherwise, the UE shall be verified with two Rx antenna
ports.

\- The above rules apply for all clauses except for clause 7.9.

A (e)Redcap UE is required to be equipped with a minimum of single Rx
antenna port and maximum of two Rx antenna ports. Clause 7 requirements
for four Rx antenna ports do not apply to a (e)RedCap UE.

**If aUE indicates *intraBandNR-CA-non-collocated-r18,* both** *Rx power
imbalance requirements as specified in clause 7.10A and Rx requirements
in clauses 7.3 -- 7.9* **shall be verified.**

7.2J Diversity characteristics for ATG
--------------------------------------

The ATG UE is required to be equipped with a minimum of two Rx antenna
ports in all operating bands. ATG UE is required optionally to be
equipped with four Rx antenna ports.

7.3 Reference sensitivity
-------------------------

### 7.3.1 General

The reference sensitivity power level REFSENS is the minimum mean power
applied to each one of the UE antenna ports for all UE categories, at
which the throughput shall meet or exceed the requirements for the
specified reference measurement channel.

In later clauses of Clause 7 where the value of REFSENS is used as a
reference to set the corresponding requirement:

\- when the UE is verified with 2 Rx antenna ports, it shall be verified
against those requirements by applying the REFSENS value in Table
7.3.2-1a, Table 7.3.2-1b and Table 7.3.2-1c or Table 7.3.2-1d with 2 Rx
antenna ports tested;

\- when the UE is verified with 4 Rx antenna ports, it shall be verified
against those requirements by applying the resulting REFSENS value
derived from the requirement in Table 7.3.2-2 with 4 Rx antenna ports
tested.

\- when the UE is verified with 8 Rx antenna ports, it shall be verified
against those requirements by applying the resulting REFSENS value
derived from the requirement in Table 7.3.2-2a with 8 Rx antenna ports
tested.

### 7.3.2 Reference sensitivity power level

The throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2.2, A3.2 and
A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters
specified in Table 7.3.2-1a, Table 7.3.2-1b, Table 7.3.2-1c, Table
7.3.2-1d , Table 7.3.2-2 and Table 7.3.2-2a.

Table 7.3.2-1a: Two antenna port reference sensitivity QPSK PREFSENS for
FDD bands

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Operating band / SCS / Channel bandwidth</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Operating Band</td>
<td>SCS kHz</td>
<td><p>3</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dBm)</p></td>
<td><p>5</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dBm)</p></td>
<td><p>10</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dBm)</p></td>
<td><p>15</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dBm)</p></td>
<td><p>20</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dBm)</p></td>
<td><p>25</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dBm)</p></td>
<td>30 MHz (dBm)</td>
<td>35 MHz (dBm)</td>
<td><p>40</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dBm)</p></td>
<td>45 MHz (dBm)</td>
<td><p>50</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dBm)</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-100.0</td>
<td>-96.8</td>
<td>-95.0</td>
<td>-93.8</td>
<td>-92.7</td>
<td>-91.9</td>
<td></td>
<td>-90.6</td>
<td>-90.1</td>
<td>-89.6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.1</td>
<td>-95.1</td>
<td>-94.0</td>
<td>-92.8</td>
<td>-92.0</td>
<td></td>
<td>-90.7</td>
<td>-90.2</td>
<td>-89.7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.5</td>
<td>-95.4</td>
<td>-94.2</td>
<td>-93.0</td>
<td>-92.1</td>
<td></td>
<td>-90.9</td>
<td>-90.3</td>
<td>-89.7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-98</td>
<td>-94.8</td>
<td>-93</td>
<td>-91.8</td>
<td>-90.7</td>
<td>-84.1</td>
<td>-83.6</td>
<td>-81.5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-95.1</td>
<td>-93.1</td>
<td>-92</td>
<td>-90.8</td>
<td>-84.2</td>
<td>-83.7</td>
<td>-81.6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-95.5</td>
<td>-93.4</td>
<td>-92.2</td>
<td>-90.9</td>
<td>-84.3</td>
<td>-83.8</td>
<td>-81.7</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.0</td>
<td>-93.8</td>
<td>-92.0</td>
<td>-90.8</td>
<td>-89.7</td>
<td>-88.9</td>
<td>-86.2</td>
<td>-82.3</td>
<td>-81.3</td>
<td>-79.7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.1</td>
<td>-92.1</td>
<td>-91.0</td>
<td>-89.8</td>
<td>-89.0</td>
<td>-86.3</td>
<td>-82.4</td>
<td>-81.4</td>
<td>-79.8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.5</td>
<td>-92.4</td>
<td>-91.2</td>
<td>-90.0</td>
<td>-89.1</td>
<td>-86.4</td>
<td>-82.6</td>
<td>-81.5</td>
<td>-79.9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-98.0</td>
<td>-94.8</td>
<td>-93.0</td>
<td>-86.8</td>
<td>-84.8</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-95.1</td>
<td>-93.1</td>
<td>-88.6</td>
<td>-84.9</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n7<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-98.0</td>
<td>-94.8</td>
<td>-93.0</td>
<td>-91.8</td>
<td>-90.7</td>
<td>-89.9</td>
<td>-89.2</td>
<td>-88.6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-81.5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-95.1</td>
<td>-93.1</td>
<td>-92.0</td>
<td>-90.8</td>
<td>-90.0</td>
<td>-89.3</td>
<td>-88.7</td>
<td></td>
<td>-81.5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-95.5</td>
<td>-93.4</td>
<td>-92.2</td>
<td>-91.0</td>
<td>-90.1</td>
<td>-89.4</td>
<td>-88.9</td>
<td></td>
<td>-81.5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n8</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.0</td>
<td>-93.8</td>
<td>-91.4</td>
<td>-85.8</td>
<td>-83.6</td>
<td>-81.3</td>
<td>-78.4</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.1</td>
<td>-91.7</td>
<td>-87.2</td>
<td>-84.7</td>
<td>-81.4</td>
<td>-78.5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n12</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.0</td>
<td>-93.8</td>
<td>-84.0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.1</td>
<td>-84.1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n13</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.0</td>
<td>-93.8</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n14</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.0</td>
<td>-93.8</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n18</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-100.0</td>
<td>-96.8</td>
<td>-95.0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.1</td>
<td>-95.1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.0</td>
<td>-93.8</td>
<td>-91.0</td>
<td>-89.8</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.1</td>
<td>-91.1</td>
<td>-90.0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n24</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-100.0</td>
<td>-96.8</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n25</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-96.5</td>
<td>-93.3</td>
<td>-91.5</td>
<td>-90.3</td>
<td>-89.3</td>
<td>-82.2</td>
<td>-81.7</td>
<td>-79.5</td>
<td>-77.6</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-93.6</td>
<td>-91.6</td>
<td>-90.5</td>
<td>-89.4</td>
<td>-82.3</td>
<td>-81.8</td>
<td>-79.6</td>
<td>-77.7</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.0</td>
<td>-91.9</td>
<td>-90.7</td>
<td>-89.6</td>
<td>-82.4</td>
<td>-81.9</td>
<td>-79.7</td>
<td>-77.8</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n26</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-99.7</td>
<td>-97.5<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>-94.5<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>-92.7<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>-87.6</td>
<td>-84.5</td>
<td>-81.7</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.8<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>-92.7<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>-87.7</td>
<td>-84.6</td>
<td>-81.8</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n28</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-100.2</td>
<td>-98.5</td>
<td>-95.5</td>
<td>-93.5</td>
<td>-90.8</td>
<td>-84.2</td>
<td>-78.5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-95.6</td>
<td>-93.6</td>
<td>-91.0</td>
<td>-84.2</td>
<td>-78.6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-99.0</td>
<td>-95.8</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-96.1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n31</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-95.7</td>
<td>-93.5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n65</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-99.5</td>
<td>-96.3</td>
<td>-94.5</td>
<td>-93.3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-89.2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-96.6</td>
<td>-94.6</td>
<td>-93.5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-89.3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.0</td>
<td>-94.9</td>
<td>-93.7</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-89.4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n66</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-99.5</td>
<td>-96.3</td>
<td>-94.5</td>
<td>-93.3</td>
<td>-92.2</td>
<td>-91.4</td>
<td>-90.7</td>
<td>-90.1</td>
<td>-89.6</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-96.6</td>
<td>-94.6</td>
<td>-93.5</td>
<td>-92.3</td>
<td>-91.5</td>
<td>-90.8</td>
<td>-90.2</td>
<td>-89.7</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.0</td>
<td>-94.9</td>
<td>-93.7</td>
<td>-92.5</td>
<td>-91.6</td>
<td>-90.9</td>
<td>-90.4</td>
<td>-89.8</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-100.0</td>
<td>-96.8</td>
<td>-95.0</td>
<td>-93.8</td>
<td>-92.7</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.1</td>
<td>-95.1</td>
<td>-94.0</td>
<td>-92.8</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.5</td>
<td>-95.4</td>
<td>-94.2</td>
<td>-93.0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n71</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.2</td>
<td>-94.0</td>
<td>-91.6</td>
<td>-86.0</td>
<td><p>-84.1<sup>9</sup></p>
<p>-74.8<sup>10</sup></p></td>
<td><p>-82.5<sup>9</sup></p>
<p>-67.1<sup>10</sup></p></td>
<td><p>-80.7<sup>9</sup></p>
<p>-64.0<sup>10</sup></p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.3</td>
<td>-91.9</td>
<td>-87.4</td>
<td><p>-84.2<sup>9</sup></p>
<p>-74.9<sup>10</sup></p></td>
<td><p>-82.6<sup>9</sup></p>
<p>-67.2<sup>10</sup></p></td>
<td><p>-80.8<sup>9</sup></p>
<p>-64.1<sup>10</sup></p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n72</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-95.7</td>
<td>-93.5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n74</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-99.5<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>-96.3<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>-94.5<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>-89.3<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-96.6<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>-94.6<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>-89.5<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.0<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>-94.9<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>-89.6<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n85</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-99.2</td>
<td>-97.0</td>
<td>-93.8</td>
<td>-84.0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.1</td>
<td>-84.1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n100</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-102.2</td>
<td>-100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n105</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>-97.2<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>-94.0</td>
<td>-91.6</td>
<td>-86.9</td>
<td>-85.1</td>
<td>-83.8</td>
<td>-82.5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-94.3</td>
<td>-91.9</td>
<td>-87.9</td>
<td>-85.5</td>
<td>-84.3</td>
<td>-82.6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n106</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-99.2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Four Rx antenna ports shall be the baseline for this operating band except for two Rx vehicular UE and two Rx antenna port XR UEs indicating UE capability <em>supportOf2RxXR-r18</em>. Four Rx antenna ports for (e)RedCap UE is not supported for this operating band.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: The transmitter shall be set to P<sub>UMAX</sub> as defined in clause 6.2.4</p>
<p>NOTE 3: The requirement is modified by -0.5 dB when the assigned NR channel bandwidth is confined within 1475.9 - 1510.9 MHz.</p>
<p>NOTE 4: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 5: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 6: Values are modified by -0.5dB when carrier channel BW is between 865MHz and 894MHz.</p>
<p>NOTE 7: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 8: DL channels overlapping the 612-617MHz range have 0.5dB added to the REFSENS</p>
<p>NOTE 9: Applies to UEs that support a maximum uplink BW of 20 MHz in this band.</p>
<p>NOTE 10: Applies to UEs that support optional symmetric UL/DL for this BW.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 7.3.2-1b: Two antenna port reference sensitivity QPSK P~REFSENS~
for TDD, SDL and FDD with variable duplex operation bands

+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| Operating     |     |               |               |             |
| band / SCS /  |     |               |               |             |
| Channel       |     |               |               |             |
| bandwidth /   |     |               |               |             |
| REFSENS       |     |               |               |             |
+===============+=====+===============+===============+=============+
| Operating     | SCS | Channel       | REFSENS       | Duplex Mode |
| band          |     | bandwidth     | (dBm)^8^      |             |
|               | kHz | (MHz)         |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n29^7^        | 15  | 5,10          | -97 +         | SDL         |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10            | -94.1 +       |             |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n34           | 15  | 5, 10, 15     | -100 +        | TDD         |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10, 15        | -97.1 +       |             |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10, 15        | -97.5 +       |             |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/11) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n38^1^        | 15  | 5, 10, 15,    | -100 +        | TDD         |
|               |     | 20, 25, 30,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 40            | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10, 15, 20,   | -97.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 40    | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10, 15, 20,   | -97.5 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 40    | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/11) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n39           | 15  | 5, 10, 15,    | -100 +        | TDD         |
|               |     | 20, 25, 30,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 35, 40        | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10, 15, 20,   | -97.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 35,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 40            | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10, 15, 20,   | -97.5 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 35,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 40            | 10~(N~RB~/11) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n40           | 15  | 5, 10, 15,    | -100 +        | TDD         |
|               |     | 20, 25, 30,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 40, 50        | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10, 15, 20,   | -97.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 40,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50, 60, 70,   | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
|               |     | 80, 90, 100   |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10, 15, 20,   | -97.5 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 40,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50, 60, 70,   | 10~(N~RB~/11) |             |
|               |     | 80, 90, 100   |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n41^1^,       | 15  | 5, 10, 15,    | -94.8 +       | TDD         |
| n90^1^        |     | 20, 25, 30,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 35, 40, 45,   | 10~(N~RB~/52) |             |
|               |     | 50            |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10, 15, 20,   | -95.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 35,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 40, 45, 50,   | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
|               |     | 60, 70, 80,   |               |             |
|               |     | 90, 100       |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10, 15, 20,   | -95.5 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 35,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 40, 45, 50,   | 10~(N~RB~/11) |             |
|               |     | 60, 70, 80,   |               |             |
|               |     | 90, 100       |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n48^1^        | 15  | 5, 10, 15,    | -99 +         | TDD         |
|               |     | 20, 30, 40,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50^5^         | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10, 15, 20,   | -96.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 30, 40,       | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50^5^, 60^5^, | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
|               |     | 70^5^, 80^5^, |               |             |
|               |     | 90^5^, 100^5^ |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10, 15, 20,   | -96.5 +       |             |
|               |     | 30, 40,       | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50^5^, 60^5^, | 10~(N~RB~/11) |             |
|               |     | 70^5^, 80^5^, |               |             |
|               |     | 90^5^, 100^5^ |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n50           | 15  | 5, 10, 15,    | -100 +        | TDD         |
|               |     | 20, 30, 40,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50            | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10, 15, 20,   | -97.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 30, 40, 50,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 60, 80        | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10, 15, 20,   | -97.5 +       |             |
|               |     | 30, 40, 50,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 60, 80        | 10~(N~RB~/11) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n51           | 15  | 5             | -100          | TDD         |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n53           | 15  | 5, 10         | -100 +        | TDD         |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10            | -97.1         |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10            | -97.5         |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n54           | 15  | 5             | -100          | TDD         |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n67^7^        | 15  | 5, 10, 15, 20 | -100 +        | SDL         |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10, 15, 20    | -97.1 +       |             |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n75^7^        | 15  | 5,10,15,2     | -100 +        | SDL         |
|               |     | 0,25,30,40,50 | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10,15,2       | -97.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 0,25,30,40,50 | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10,15,2       | -97.5 +       |             |
|               |     | 0,25,30,40,50 | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/11) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n76^7^        | 15  | 5             | -95.3 +       | SDL         |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/52) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n77^1,4^      | 15  | 10, 15, 20,   | -95.3 +       | TDD         |
|               |     | 25, 30, 40,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50            | 10~(N~RB~/52) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10, 15, 20,   | -95.6 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 40,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50, 60, 70,   | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
|               |     | 80, 90, 100   |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10, 15, 20,   | -96.0 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 40,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50, 60, 70,   | 10~(N~RB~/11) |             |
|               |     | 80, 90, 100   |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n78^1^        | 15  | 10, 15, 20,   | -95.8 +       | TDD         |
|               |     | 25, 30, 40,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50            | 10~(N~RB~/52) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10, 15, 20,   | -96.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 40,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50, 60, 70,   | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
|               |     | 80, 90, 100   |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10, 15, 20,   | -96.5 +       |             |
|               |     | 25, 30, 40,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 50, 60, 70,   | 10~(N~RB~/11) |             |
|               |     | 80, 90, 100   |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n79^1^        | 15  | 10, 20, 30,   | -95.8 +       | TDD         |
|               |     | 40, 50        | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/52) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10, 20, 30,   | -96.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 40, 50, 60,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 70, 80, 90,   | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
|               |     | 100           |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 10, 20, 30,   | -96.5 +       |             |
|               |     | 40, 50, 60,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 70, 80, 90,   | 10~(N~RB~/11) |             |
|               |     | 100           |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n91           | 15  | 5             | -100          | FDD         |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n92           | 15  | 5,10,15,20    | -100 +        | FDD         |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10,15,20      | -97.1 +       |             |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n93           | 15  | 5             | -100          | FDD         |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n94           | 15  | 5,10,15,20    | -100 +        | FDD         |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10,15,20      | -97.1 +       |             |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n101          | 15  | 5, 10         | -100 +        | TDD         |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10            | -97.1 +       |             |
|               |     |               | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n104^1,10^    | 15  | 20, 30, 40,   | -90.7 +       | TDD         |
|               |     | 50            | 10log~1       |             |
|               |     |               | 0~(N~RB~/106) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 20, 30, 40,   | -90.8 +       |             |
|               |     | 50, 60, 70,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 80, 90, 100   | 10~(N~RB~/51) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 20, 30, 40,   | -91.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 50, 60, 70,   | 10log~        |             |
|               |     | 80, 90, 100   | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n109^11^      | 15  | 5,10,15,2     | -100 +        | FDD         |
|               |     | 0,25,30,40,50 | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/25) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 10,15,2       | -97.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 0,25,30,40,50 | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: Four  |     |               |               |             |
| Rx antenna    |     |               |               |             |
| ports shall   |     |               |               |             |
| be the        |     |               |               |             |
| baseline for  |     |               |               |             |
| this          |     |               |               |             |
| operating     |     |               |               |             |
| band except   |     |               |               |             |
| for two Rx    |     |               |               |             |
| vehicular UE  |     |               |               |             |
| and two Rx    |     |               |               |             |
| antenna port  |     |               |               |             |
| XR UEs        |     |               |               |             |
| indicating UE |     |               |               |             |
| capability    |     |               |               |             |
| *support      |     |               |               |             |
| Of2RxXR-r18*. |     |               |               |             |
| Four Rx       |     |               |               |             |
| antenna ports |     |               |               |             |
| for (e)RedCap |     |               |               |             |
| UE is not     |     |               |               |             |
| supported for |     |               |               |             |
| this          |     |               |               |             |
| operating     |     |               |               |             |
| band.         |     |               |               |             |
|               |     |               |               |             |
| NOTE 2: The   |     |               |               |             |
| transmitter   |     |               |               |             |
| shall be set  |     |               |               |             |
| to P~UMAX~ as |     |               |               |             |
| defined in    |     |               |               |             |
| clause 6.2.4. |     |               |               |             |
|               |     |               |               |             |
| NOTE 3: Void  |     |               |               |             |
|               |     |               |               |             |
| NOTE 4: The   |     |               |               |             |
| requirement   |     |               |               |             |
| is modified   |     |               |               |             |
| by -0.5 dB    |     |               |               |             |
| when the      |     |               |               |             |
| assigned UE   |     |               |               |             |
| channel       |     |               |               |             |
| bandwidth is  |     |               |               |             |
| confined      |     |               |               |             |
| within 3300 - |     |               |               |             |
| 3800 MHz.     |     |               |               |             |
|               |     |               |               |             |
| NOTE 5: For   |     |               |               |             |
| these         |     |               |               |             |
| bandwidths,   |     |               |               |             |
| the minimum   |     |               |               |             |
| requirements  |     |               |               |             |
| are           |     |               |               |             |
| restricted to |     |               |               |             |
| operation     |     |               |               |             |
| when carrier  |     |               |               |             |
| is configured |     |               |               |             |
| as a downlink |     |               |               |             |
| carrier part  |     |               |               |             |
| of CA         |     |               |               |             |
| c             |     |               |               |             |
| onfiguration. |     |               |               |             |
|               |     |               |               |             |
| NOTE 6: Void  |     |               |               |             |
|               |     |               |               |             |
| NOTE 7: For   |     |               |               |             |
| SDL bands,    |     |               |               |             |
| the reference |     |               |               |             |
| sensitivity   |     |               |               |             |
| requirements  |     |               |               |             |
| shall be      |     |               |               |             |
| verified by   |     |               |               |             |
| inter-band CA |     |               |               |             |
| combinations  |     |               |               |             |
| with SDL      |     |               |               |             |
| band, which   |     |               |               |             |
| are supported |     |               |               |             |
| by UE.        |     |               |               |             |
|               |     |               |               |             |
| NOTE 8: The   |     |               |               |             |
| REFSENS value |     |               |               |             |
| is rounded to |     |               |               |             |
| the nearest   |     |               |               |             |
| number down   |     |               |               |             |
| to one        |     |               |               |             |
| decimal       |     |               |               |             |
| point.        |     |               |               |             |
| "N~RB~" in    |     |               |               |             |
| REFSENS       |     |               |               |             |
| formula is    |     |               |               |             |
| the maximum   |     |               |               |             |
| transmission  |     |               |               |             |
| bandwidth     |     |               |               |             |
| configuration |     |               |               |             |
| as defined in |     |               |               |             |
| Table         |     |               |               |             |
| 5.3.2-1.      |     |               |               |             |
|               |     |               |               |             |
| NOTE 9: Void. |     |               |               |             |
|               |     |               |               |             |
| NOTE 10: A UE |     |               |               |             |
| may implement |     |               |               |             |
| two RX        |     |               |               |             |
| antenna ports |     |               |               |             |
| for band n104 |     |               |               |             |
| when          |     |               |               |             |
| conditions    |     |               |               |             |
| are met. The  |     |               |               |             |
| exact         |     |               |               |             |
| conditions    |     |               |               |             |
| are FFS.      |     |               |               |             |
|               |     |               |               |             |
| NOTE 11:      |     |               |               |             |
| Applies for   |     |               |               |             |
| DL channels   |     |               |               |             |
| for which     |     |               |               |             |
| channels      |     |               |               |             |
| edges are \>  |     |               |               |             |
| 15 MHz away   |     |               |               |             |
| from 2xF~UL~  |     |               |               |             |
| at 15 kHz SCS |     |               |               |             |
| and \> 30 MHz |     |               |               |             |
| away from     |     |               |               |             |
| 2xF~UL~ at 30 |     |               |               |             |
| kHz SCS. In   |     |               |               |             |
| case of UL    |     |               |               |             |
| second        |     |               |               |             |
| harmonic      |     |               |               |             |
| direct hit,   |     |               |               |             |
| the value is  |     |               |               |             |
| modified to   |     |               |               |             |
| -71.9 dBm for |     |               |               |             |
| all channel   |     |               |               |             |
| bandwidths.   |     |               |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+

For power class 2 UEs, certain degradation of the reference sensitivity
in Table 7.3.2-1a is allowed. The maximum amount of degradation is
specified in Table 7.3.2-1c, and in Table 7.3.2-1d for a UE that
indicates *txDiversity-r16* or *txDiversity2Tx-r18* \[15\].

Table 7.3.2-1c Reference Sensitivity Degradation from PC3 to PC2 for FDD
bands for UE not supporting Tx Diversity

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Operating Band</th>
<th><p><strong>3</strong></p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th><p>5</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th><p>10</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th><p>15</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th><p>20</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th><p>25</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th>30 MHz (dB)</th>
<th>35 MHz (dB)</th>
<th><p>40</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th>45 MHz (dB)</th>
<th><p>50</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n1</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n2</td>
<td></td>
<td>0.8</td>
<td>0.9</td>
<td>1.1</td>
<td>1.2</td>
<td>1.3</td>
<td>2.7</td>
<td>2.8</td>
<td>3.5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n3</td>
<td></td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.6</td>
<td>0.8</td>
<td>1.1</td>
<td>1.5</td>
<td>2.3</td>
<td>2.8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n7</td>
<td></td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td></td>
<td>2.0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n8</td>
<td></td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.7</td>
<td>0.8</td>
<td>2.3</td>
<td>2.8</td>
<td>3.2</td>
<td>3.1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n13</td>
<td></td>
<td>0.8</td>
<td>0.9</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n14</td>
<td></td>
<td>0.6</td>
<td>0.8</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n25</td>
<td></td>
<td>0.8</td>
<td>0.8</td>
<td>0.9</td>
<td>1.1</td>
<td>1.3</td>
<td>2.7</td>
<td>2.8</td>
<td>3.5</td>
<td>3.7</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n66</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n71</td>
<td></td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>0.9</td>
<td>0.9</td>
<td>2.2</td>
<td><p>2.4<sup>2</sup></p>
<p>2.5<sup>3</sup></p></td>
<td><p>2.5<sup>2</sup></p>
<p>2.4<sup>3</sup></p></td>
<td><p>2.9<sup>2</sup></p>
<p>3.1<sup>3</sup></p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n70</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n85</td>
<td>0.6</td>
<td>0.6</td>
<td>1.0</td>
<td>2.6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>NOTE 1: The transmitter shall be set to P<sub>UMAX</sub> as defined in clause 6.2.4</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Applies to UEs that support a maximum uplink BW of 20 MHz in this band.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: Applies to UEs that support optional symmetric UL/DL for this BW.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 7.3.2-1d Reference Sensitivity Degradation from PC3 to PC2 for\
FDD bands for UE supporting Tx Diversity

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Operating Band</th>
<th><p><strong>3</strong></p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th><p>5</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th><p>10</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th><p>15</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th><p>20</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th><p>25</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th>30 MHz (dB)</th>
<th>35 MHz (dB)</th>
<th><p>40</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
<th>45 MHz (dB)</th>
<th><p>50</p>
<p>MHz<br />
(dB)</p></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n1</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n2</td>
<td></td>
<td>1.2</td>
<td>1.2</td>
<td>1.3</td>
<td>1.2</td>
<td>1.2</td>
<td>5.8</td>
<td>6.0</td>
<td>6.5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n3</td>
<td></td>
<td>1.4</td>
<td>1.5</td>
<td>1.5</td>
<td>1.5</td>
<td>1.6</td>
<td>1.7</td>
<td>2.8</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>6.0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n7</td>
<td></td>
<td>0.9</td>
<td>1.0</td>
<td>1.0</td>
<td>1.0</td>
<td>1.1</td>
<td>1.1</td>
<td>1.1</td>
<td>1.1</td>
<td></td>
<td>5.3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n8</td>
<td></td>
<td>1.3</td>
<td>1.4</td>
<td>2.1</td>
<td>5.8</td>
<td>6.1</td>
<td>6.5</td>
<td>7.0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n13</td>
<td></td>
<td>1.2</td>
<td>1.3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n14</td>
<td></td>
<td>1.1</td>
<td>1.3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n25</td>
<td></td>
<td>1.5</td>
<td>1.5</td>
<td>1.6</td>
<td>1.6</td>
<td>1.7</td>
<td>6.0</td>
<td>6.2</td>
<td>6.7</td>
<td>7.1</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n66</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n71</td>
<td></td>
<td>1.1</td>
<td>1.1</td>
<td>1.7</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td><p>5.9<sup>2</sup></p>
<p>6.9<sup>3</sup></p></td>
<td><p>6.2<sup>2</sup></p>
<p>7.2<sup>3</sup></p></td>
<td><p>6.5<sup>2</sup></p>
<p>7.3<sup>3</sup></p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n70</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n85</td>
<td>1.2</td>
<td>1.2</td>
<td>1.4</td>
<td>6.4</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>NOTE 1: The transmitter shall be set to P<sub>UMAX</sub> as defined in clause 6.2G.4</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Applies to UEs that support a maximum uplink BW of 20 MHz in this band.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: Applies to UEs that support optional symmetric UL/DL for this BW.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

For UE(s) equipped with 4 Rx antenna ports, reference sensitivity for
2Rx antenna ports in Table 7.3.2-1a and in Table 7.3.2-1b shall be
modified by the amount given in ΔR~IB,4R~ in Table 7.3.2-2 for the
applicable operating bands. For operating band frequency range ≤ 1 GHz,
the 4Rx operation is primarily for FWA form factor, and when 4Rx
operation is supported by handheld UE, ∆R~IB,4R~ as indicated in Table
7.3.2-2 NOTE 2 is applied.

Table 7.3.2-2: Four antenna port reference sensitivity allowance
ΔR**~IB,4R~**

+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| Operating band                                     | ΔR~IB,4R~ (dB) |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| n5, n8, n13, n26, n28, n71, n85, n105              | -2.7^1^        |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| n5, n8, n28, n71, n20, n26                         | -2.4^2^        |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| n1, n2, n3, n25, n30, n40, n7, n34, n38, n39, n41, | -2.7           |
| n66, n70                                           |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| n48, n77, n78, n79, n104                           | -2.2           |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: When 4 Rx operation is supported by FWA    |                |
| form factor                                        |                |
|                                                    |                |
| NOTE 2: When 4Rx operation is supported by         |                |
| handheld UE.                                       |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+

For UE(s) equipped with 8 Rx antenna ports, reference sensitivity for
2Rx antenna ports in Table 7.3.2-1a and in Table 7.3.2-1b shall be
modified by the amount given in ΔR~IB,8R~ in Table 7.3.2-2a for the
applicable operating bands.

Table 7.3.2-2a: Eight antenna port reference sensitivity allowance
ΔR**~IB,8R~**

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------
  Operating band                                                                           ΔR~IB,8R~ (dB)
  n7                                                                                       -4.5
  n41                                                                                      -4.3
  n77, n78, n79                                                                            -4.0
  NOTE 1: 8 Rx operation is targeted for FWA/CPE/Vehicle/Industrial devices form factor.   
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------

For two Rx antenna port XR UE(s) indicating UE capability
*supportOf2RxXR-r18*, reference sensitivity for two Rx antenna ports in
Table 7.3.2-1a and in Table 7.3.2-1b shall be modified by the amount
given in ΔR**~XR,2R~** in Table 7.3.2-2b for the applicable operating
bands.

Table 7.3.2-2b: Two antenna port XR UE reference sensitivity allowance
ΔR**~XR,2R~**

  ---------------------------------- --------------------
  Operating band                     ΔR**~XR,2R~** (dB)
  n7, n38, n41, n48, n77, n78, n79   -1.0
  ---------------------------------- --------------------

The reference receive sensitivity (REFSENS) requirement specified in
Table 7.3.2-1a, Table 7.3.2-1b, Table 7.3.2-1c, Table 7.3.2-1d, Table
7.3.2-2, Table 7.3.2-2a and Table 7.3.2-2b shall be met with uplink
transmission bandwidth less than or equal to that specified in Table
7.3.2-3.

Table 7.3.2-3: Uplink configuration for reference sensitivity

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Operating band / SCS (kHz) / Channel bandwidth (MHz) / Duplex mode</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Operating Band</td>
<td>SCS</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>Duplex Mode</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>75<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>128<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>128<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>128<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>128<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>128<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>64<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>64<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>64<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>64<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>64<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>30<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>30<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>48<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>12<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n7</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>75<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>75<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>72<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>64<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>45<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>45<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>45<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>36<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>36<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>32<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>18</td>
<td>18<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>18<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>16<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n8</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>12<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n12</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n13</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n14</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n18</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>2</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>2</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>2</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>2</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n24</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n25</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>48<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>24<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n26</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>12<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>12<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>12<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n28</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n31</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>5<sup>8</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n34</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>18</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n38</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>128</td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>36</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n39</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>128</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>180</td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>36</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>128</td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>128</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>180</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>243</td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>36</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>120</td>
<td>135</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41, n90</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>128</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>180</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>240</td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>108</td>
<td>128</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>180</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>243</td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>36</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>54</td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>120</td>
<td>135</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n48</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td></td>
<td>36</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>128</td>
<td>162</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td></td>
<td>36</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n51</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n53</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n54</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n65</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>75<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>128<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>64<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n66</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>75<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>128<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>160</td>
<td>180<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>216</td>
<td>240<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>64<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>75<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>90<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>108<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>30<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>36<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>54<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n70</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>75<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 3</td>
<td>Note 3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 3</td>
<td>Note 3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Note 3</td>
<td>Note 3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n71</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1,6</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1,6</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1,6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>12<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1,6</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1,6</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1,6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n72</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>5<sup>8</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n74</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>5<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>5<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>5<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>128</td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>128</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>180</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>243</td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>36</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>120</td>
<td>135</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>128</td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>36</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>128</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>180</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>243</td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>36</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>120</td>
<td>135</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n79</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>128</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>180</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>243</td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td></td>
<td>36</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>120</td>
<td>135</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n85</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n91</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1,4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n92</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n93</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>1,4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n94</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>12<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n100</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n101</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n104</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>TDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>128</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>180</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>243</td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>64</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>120</td>
<td>135</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n105</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>20<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>12<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>10<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n106</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n109</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>FDD</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: UL resource blocks shall be located as close as possible to the downlink operating band but confined within the transmission bandwidth configuration for the channel bandwidth (Table 5.3.2-1).</p>
<p>Note 2: For band n20; for 15 kHz SCS, in the case of 15 MHz channel bandwidth, the UL resource blocks shall be located at RB<sub>start</sub> 11 and in the case of 20 MHz channel bandwidth, the UL resource blocks shall be located at RB<sub>start</sub> 16; for 30 kHz SCS, in the case of 15 MHz channel bandwidth, the UL resource blocks shall be located at RB<sub>start</sub> 6 and in the case of 20 MHz channel bandwidth, the UL resource blocks shall be located at RB<sub>start</sub> 8;</p>
<p>Note 3: For DL channel bandwidths that do not have symmetric UL channel bandwidth, highest valid UL configuration with lowest TX-RX separation (Table 5.4.4-1) shall be used unless otherwise specified.</p>
<p>Note 4: For band n91 and n93, largest supported UL bandwidth configuration shall be used.</p>
<p>Note 5: For this DL channel bandwidth, the UL configuration of the highest UL channel bandwidth specified in Table 5.3.6-1 and the nominal Tx-Rx frequency separation specified in Table 5.4.4-1 shall be used, i.e. ∆F<sub>TX-RX</sub> as defined in clause 5.3.6 does not apply.</p>
<p>Note 6: UEs supporting the optional symmetrical UL/DL bandwidths shall use this UL configuration. For UEs not supporting this uplink channel bandwidth, the UL configuration of the 20MHz UL channel bandwidth and the nominal Tx-Rx frequency separation specified in Table 5.4.4-1 shall be used, i.e. ∆F<sub>TX-RX</sub> as defined in clause 5.3.6 does not apply.</p>
<p>Note 7: For this DL channel bandwidth, the UL configuration of 5MHz for 15kHz SCS and 10MHz for 30kHz shall be used.</p>
<p>Note 8: In the case of 3 MHz channel bandwidth, the UL resource blocks shall be located at RB<sub>start</sub> 9 and in the case of 5 MHz channel bandwidth, the UL resource blocks shall be located at RB<sub>start</sub> 10.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Unless given by Table 7.3.2-4, the minimum requirements specified in
Tables 7.3.2-1a, Tables 7.3.2-1b, Tables 7.3.2-1c, Tables 7.3.2-1d and
7.3.2-2 shall be verified with the network signalling value NS\_01
(Table 6.2.3-1) configured.

Table 7.3.2-4: Network signaling value for reference sensitivity

  ---------------- --------------------------
  Operating band   Network Signalling value
  n2               NS\_03
  n12              NS\_06
  n13              NS\_06
  n14              NS\_06
  n24              NS\_56
  n25              NS\_03
  n30              NS\_21
  n48              NS\_27
  n53              NS\_45
  n54              NS\_62
  n66              NS\_03
  n70              NS\_03
  n71              NS\_35
  n85              NS\_06
  ---------------- --------------------------

### 7.3.3 ΔR~IB,c~

For a UE supporting CA, SUL or DC band combination, the minimum
requirement for reference sensitivity in Table 7.3.2-1a and Table
7.3.2-1b shall be increased by the amount given by ΔR~IB,c~ defined in
clause 7.3A, 7.3B, 7.3C in this specification and 7.3A, 7.3B in TS
38.101-3 \[3\] for the applicable operating bands.

In case the UE supports more than one of band combinations for CA, SUL
or DC, and an operating band belongs to more than one band combinations
then

\- When the operating band frequency range is ≤ 1 GHz, the applicable
additional ΔR~IB,c~ shall be the average value for all band combinations
defined in clause 7.3A, 7.3B, 7.3C in this specification and 7.3A, 7.3B
in TS 38.101-3 \[3\], truncated to one decimal place that apply for that
operating band among the supported band combinations. In case there is a
harmonic relation between low band UL and high band DL, then the maximum
ΔR~IB,c~ among the different supported band combinations involving such
band shall be applied

\- When the operating band frequency range is \> 1 GHz, the applicable
additional ΔR~IB,c~ shall be the maximum value for all band combinations
defined in clause 7.3A, 7.3B, 7.3C in this specification and 7.3A, 7.3B
in TS 38.101-3 \[3\] for the applicable operating bands.

7.3A Reference sensitivity for CA
---------------------------------

### 7.3A.1 General

The reference sensitivity power level REFSENS is the minimum mean power
applied to each one of the UE antenna ports for all UE categories, at
which the throughput shall meet or exceed the requirements for the
specified reference measurement channel. For operations with 4 Rx or 8
Rx antenna ports, the MSD in the applicable bands shall be increased by
the absolute value of ΔR~IB,4R~ in Table 7.3.2-2 or ΔR~IB,8R~ in Table
7.3.2-2a when MSD \> 0.

For reference sensitivity exception test points where the specified
carrier frequency does not correspond to a valid NR-ARFCN, the closest
NR-ARFCN as specified in clause 5.4.2 applies.

For reference sensitivity level tests or reference sensitivity exception
tests specified in clause 7.3A, SCS=15kHz based UL test configuration
can be replaced by SCS=30kHz based UL test configuration. The equivalent
substitution relationship between different SCS UL test configuration is
shown in Table 7.3A.1-1 for the operating bands above 2.2GHz.

Table 7.3A.1-1: Equivalent substitution relationship between different
SCS UL test configuration

  ----------- --------------------- ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
  SCS (kHz)   (BW\[MHz\], L~crb~)                                                                                                 
  15          (5, 25)               (10, 50)   (15, 75)   (20, 100)   (25, 128)   (30, 160)   (35, 180)   (40, 216)   (45, 240)   (50, 270)
  30          (5,12)                (10, 24)   (15, 36)   (20, 50)    (25, 64)    (30, 75)    (35, 90)    (40, 100)   (45, 108)   (50, 128)
  ----------- --------------------- ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------

When UE supports higher power class than default power class for a CA
configuration with a single UL CC with DL CA and applicability note for
the supported power class is not present for this configuration in
clause 5.5A.

***- if the corresponding higher power class MSD is not specified***,
reference sensitivity and exceptions for reference sensitivity of
default power class shall be verified with output power limited to
default power class

\- otherwise, the higher power class reference sensitivity and
exceptions for reference sensitivity shall be verified with the power
class of CA configuration supported by the UE.

### 7.3A.2 Reference sensitivity power level for CA

#### 7.3A.2.1 Reference sensitivity power level for Intra-band contiguous CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the throughput of each
component carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2.2, A.3.2,
and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters
specified in Table 7.3.2-1a, Table 7.3.2-1b, Table 7.3.2-2, Table
7.3.2-2a, and Table 7.3.2-3.

For UE(s) supporting one uplink carrier, the uplink configuration of the
PCC shall be in accordance with Table 7.3.2-3 and the downlink PCC
carrier center frequency shall be configured closer to uplink operating
band than any of the downlink SCC center frequency. For power class 3,
the reference sensitivity power level is increased by ΔR~IBC~ for
specific uplink and downlink test points which are specified in Table
7.3A.2.1-1a.

For aggregation of two or more downlink FDD carriers with two uplink
carriers, the reference sensitivity is defined only for the specific
uplink and downlink test points which are specified in Table 7.3A.2.1-1
and the power class 3 reference sensitivity power level increased by
ΔR~IBC~. The requirements apply with all downlink carriers active.
Unless given by Table 7.3.2-4, the reference sensitivity requirements
shall be verified with the network signaling value NS\_01 (Table
6.2.3.1-1) configured.

Table 7.3A.2.1-1: Power class 3 intra-band contiguous CA reference
sensitivity with two uplink carriers

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | SCS   | Aggre | UL    | UL    | PCC   | SCC   | D     |
| con   |       | gated | PCC   | SCC   | ΔR    | ΔR    | uplex |
| figur | (PCC  | ch    | alloc | alloc | ~IBC~ | ~IBC~ | mode  |
| ation | /SCC) | annel | ation | ation | (dB)  | (dB)  |       |
|       |       | band  |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | (kHz) | width | (L~   | (L~   |       |       |       |
|       |       | (PCC  | CRB~) | CRB~) |       |       |       |
|       |       | +SCC) |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| CA\_n | 15/15 | 20MHz | 25    | 25    | 25.1  | 12.4  | FDD   |
| 3B^5^ |       | +     | (RB~S | (RB~S |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20MHz | TART~ | TART~ |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | = 0)  | = 81) |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | 15/15 | 10MHz | 10    | 10    | 30.8  | 26.1  | FDD   |
| \_n5B |       | +     | (RB~s | (RB~s |       |       |       |
|       |       | 10MHz | tart~ | tart~ |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | = 0)  | = 42) |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | 15/15 | 5MHz  | 4     | 16    | 44.6  | 23.0  | FDD   |
| 5B^5^ |       | +     | (RB~S | (RB~S |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20MHz | TART~ | TART~ |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | = 0)  | = 90) |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | 15/15 | 10MHz | 9     | 36    | 34    | 25    | FDD   |
| \_n7B |       | +     | (RB   | (RB   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40MHz | start | start |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | = 26) | =     |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 180)  |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| All   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| co    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mbina |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.5A  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .1-1. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| entre |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCC   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ating |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| loser |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ating |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| over  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PCC   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCC   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| shall |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| set   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P~    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UMAX~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| subc  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lause |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2A.4. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PCC   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| alloc |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| same  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| N~RB~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.3   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2-1. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BCS   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 7.3A.2.1-1a: Power class 3 intra-band contiguous CA reference
sensitivity\
with one uplink carrier

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| CA       | SCS      | Ag       | UL PCC   | SCC      | Duplex   |
| confi    |          | gregated | al       |          | mode     |
| guration | (        | channel  | location | ΔR~IBC~  |          |
|          | PCC/SCC) | b        |          | (dB)     |          |
|          |          | andwidth | (L~CRB~) |          |          |
|          | (kHz)    | (        |          |          |          |
|          |          | PCC+SCC) |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| CA\      | 15/15    | 30MHz +  | 20       | 3.8      | FDD      |
| _n71B^1^ |          | 5MHz     | (R       |          |          |
|          |          |          | B~START~ |          |          |
|          |          |          | = 0)     |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| only to  |          |          |          |          |          |
| BCS 4    |          |          |          |          |          |
| and 5    |          |          |          |          |          |
| and for  |          |          |          |          |          |
| UEs      |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| optional |          |          |          |          |          |
| sym      |          |          |          |          |          |
| metrical |          |          |          |          |          |
| UL/DL    |          |          |          |          |          |
| channel  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ban      |          |          |          |          |          |
| dwidths. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 7.3A.2.1-2: Void

For power class 2, the reference sensitivity power level is increased by
ΔR~IBC~ for specific uplink and downlink test points which are specified
in Table 7.3A.2.1-3. The requirements apply with all downlink carriers
active. Unless given by Table 7.3.2-4, the reference sensitivity
requirements shall be verified with the network signalling value NS\_01
(Table 6.2.3.1-1) configured.

Table 7.3A.2.1-3: Power class 2 intra-band contiguous CA reference
sensitivity\
with one uplink carrier

+---------+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | SCS   | Agg     | UL PCC  | SCC     | SCC     | Duplex  |
| config  |       | regated | all     |         |         | mode    |
| uration | (kHz) | channel | ocation | ΔR~     | ΔR~     |         |
|         |       | ba      |         | IBC~^1^ | IBC~^2^ |         |
|         |       | ndwidth |         | (dB)    | (dB)    |         |
|         |       | (P      |         |         |         |         |
|         |       | CC+SCC) |         |         |         |         |
+=========+=======+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| C       | 15/15 | 30 MHz  | 20      | 5.6     | 7.7^3^  | FDD     |
| A\_n71B |       | + 5 MHz | (RB     | **^3^** |         |         |
|         |       |         | ~start~ |         |         |         |
|         |       |         | = 0)    |         |         |         |
+---------+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| App     |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| to UE   |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| PC2     |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| with    |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| 1Tx.    |       |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| App     |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| to UE   |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| PC2     |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| with    |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2Tx.    |       |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| App     |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| only to |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| BCS 4   |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| and 5   |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| and for |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| UEs     |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| o       |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| ptional |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| symm    |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| etrical |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| UL/DL   |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| channel |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| band    |       |         |         |         |         |         |
| widths. |       |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+-------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

#### 7.3A.2.2 Reference sensitivity power level for Intra-band non-contiguous CA

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation with one uplink
carrier and two or more downlink sub-blocks, throughput of each downlink
component carrier shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2 and A.3.2
(with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as
described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) and parameters specified in Table
7.3.2-1a, Table 7.3.2-1b, Table 7.3.2-2, Table 7.3.2-2a and
Table 7.3A.2.2-1.

For aggregation of two or more downlink FDD carriers with one uplink
carrier, the power class 3 reference sensitivity is increased by ΔRIBNC
only for the specific uplink and downlink test points which are
specified in Table 7.3A.2.2-1. For power class 2, the reference
sensitivity power level is increased by ΔR~IBNC~ for specific uplink and
downlink test points which are specified in Table 7.3A.2.2-1a. The
requirements apply with all downlink carriers active. Unless given by
Table 7.3.2-4, the reference sensitivity requirements shall be verified
with the network signaling value NS\_01 (Table 6.2.3.1-1) configured.

Table 7.3A.2.2-1: Power class 3 intra-band non-contiguous CA reference
sensitivity with one uplink.

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | SCS     | Agg     | W~gap~  | UL PCC  | SCC     | Duplex  |
| config  |         | regated | /       | all     |         | mode    |
| uration | (P      | channel | \[MHz\] | ocation | Δ       |         |
|         | CC/SCC) | ba      |         |         | R~IBNC~ |         |
|         |         | ndwidth |         | (       | (dB)    |         |
|         | (kHz)   | (P      |         | L~CRB~) |         |         |
|         |         | CC+SCC) |         |         |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| CA\     | 15/15   | 5MHz +  | 0.0 \<  | 25      | 0.5     | FDD     |
| _n1(2A) |         | 5MHz    | W~gap~  |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | ≤ 50.0  |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\     | 15/15   | 5MHz +  | W~gap~  | 10^5^   | 5.0     | FDD     |
| _n2(2A) |         | 5MHz    | = 50.0  |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         |         | W~gap~  | 25      | 0.0     |         |
|         |         |         | = 30.0  |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\     | 15/15   | 5MHz +  | W~gap~  | 12^5^   | 4.7     | FDD     |
| _n3(2A) |         | 5MHz    | = 65.0  |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         |         | W~gap~  | 25^5^   | 0.0     |         |
|         |         |         | = 45.0  |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\     | 15/15   | 15MHz + | W~gap~  | 5^5^    | 6.3     | FDD     |
| _n5(2A) |         | 5MHz    | = 5.0   |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\     | 15/15   | 10MHz + | W~gap~  | 32^5^   | 0.0     | FDD     |
| _n7(2A) |         | 5MHz    | = 55    |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         |         | W~gap~  | 50^5^   | 0.0     |         |
|         |         |         | = 30    |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | 15/15   | 5MHz +  | 0.0 \<  | 5       | 3       | FDD     |
| n12(2A) |         | 5MHz    | W~gap~  | (RBst   |         |         |
|         |         |         | ≤ 7.0   | art=12) |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | 15/15   | 5MHz +  | W~gap~  | 10^5^   | 5.0     | FDD     |
| n25(2A) |         | 5MHz    | = 55.0  |         |         |         |
| ^9^     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         |         | W~gap~  | 25      | 0.0     |         |
|         |         |         | = 30.0  |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | 15/15   | 40MHz + | W~gap~  | 40      | \       | FDD     |
| n25(2A) |         | 5MHz    | = 20.0  | (RB     | [24.6\] |         |
| ^10^\   |         |         |         | ~start~ | ^8^     |         |
| CA\_    |         |         |         | = 176)  |         |         |
| n25(3A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | 15/15   | 15MHz + | W~gap~  | 5       | 25.2    | FDD     |
| n26(2A) |         | 10MHz   | = 10.0  | (       |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | RBstart |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | = 74)   |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | N/A     | NOTE 1  | NOTE 2  | NOTE 3, | 0.0     | FDD     |
| n66(2A) |         |         |         | NOTE 4  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| CA\_    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| n66(3A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | 15/15   |         |         |         |         |         |
| n71(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         | 15MHz + | W~gap~  | 5       | 22.2    |         |
|         |         | 10MHz   | = 10.0  | (       |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | RBstart |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | = 2)    |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         | 25MHz + | W~gap~  | 20      | 25.1    |         |
|         |         | 5       | = 5.0   | (       |         |         |
|         |         | MHz^11^ |         | RBstart |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | = 19)   |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| All     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| combi   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| nations |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| channel |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ban     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| dwidths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 5.      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 5A.2-1. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| All     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| su      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| b-block |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| gap     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sizes.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The PCC |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ocation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is same |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| as      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Trans   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| mission |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ba      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ndwidth |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| config  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uration |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N~RB~   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| as      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| defined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 5       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .3.2-1. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| carrier |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| center  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| fr      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equency |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of PCC  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DL      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| op      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erating |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| band is |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| closer  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UL      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| op      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erating |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| band.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Refers  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UL      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| r       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esource |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| blocks  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| be      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| located |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| as      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| close   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| as      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| p       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ossible |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| d       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ownlink |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| op      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erating |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| band    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| but     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| onfined |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| transm  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ission. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| W~gap~  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| su      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| b-block |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| gap     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| between |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the two |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sub-    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| blocks. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| carrier |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| centre  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| fr      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equency |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of SCC  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DL      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| op      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erating |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| band is |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| closer  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UL      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| op      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erating |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| band.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 8: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| op      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eration |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| with    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| three   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or more |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| non-con |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| tiguous |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| co      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| mponent |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ca      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rriers, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ΔRIBNC  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to all  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| se      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| condary |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| co      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| mponent |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ca      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rriers. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 9: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Ba      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ndwidth |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Comb    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ination |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Set 0.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10:     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Ba      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ndwidth |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Comb    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ination |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Set 1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 11:     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| App     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| only to |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Ba      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ndwidth |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Comb    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ination |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Set 4   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| and 5   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| and for |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UEs     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| symm    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| etrical |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UL/DL   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| channel |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| band    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| widths. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 7.3A.2.2-1a: Power class 2 intra-band non-contiguous CA reference
sensitivity\
with one uplink carrier

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | SCS   | Aggre | W     | UL    | SCC   | SCC   | D     |
| con   |       | gated | ~gap~ | PCC   |       |       | uplex |
| figur | (kHz) | ch    | /     | alloc | Δ     | Δ     | mode  |
| ation |       | annel | \[    | ation | R~IBN | R~IBN |       |
|       |       | band  | MHz\] |       | C~^1^ | C~^2^ |       |
|       |       | width |       |       | (dB)  | (dB)  |       |
|       |       | (PCC  |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | +SCC) |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| C     | 15/15 | 15MHz | W     | 5     | 24.8  | 29.3  | FDD   |
| A\_n7 |       | +     | ~gap~ | (RB~s |       |       |       |
| 1(2A) |       | 10MHz | =     | tart~ |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 10.0  | = 2)  |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 25MHz | W     | 20    | 27    | 31    |       |
|       |       | +     | ~gap~ | (RB   | .2^3^ | .8^3^ |       |
|       |       | 5M    | = 5.0 | start |       |       |       |
|       |       | Hz^1^ |       | = 8)  |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | 15/15 | 5MHz  | W     | 10^5^ | 7.3   | 10.0  | FDD   |
| A\_n2 |       | +     | ~gap~ |       |       |       |       |
| 5(2A) |       | 5MHz  | =     |       |       |       |       |
| ^9^   |       |       | 55.0  |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       |       | W     | 25    | 0.0   | 0.0   |       |
|       |       |       | ~gap~ |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | =     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 30.0  |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | 15/15 | 40MHz | W     | 40    | \[2   | 32    | FDD   |
| A\_n2 |       | +     | ~gap~ | (RB~s | 7.6\] | .6^8^ |       |
| 5(2A) |       | 5MHz  | =     | tart~ | ^8^   |       |       |
| ^10^  |       |       | 20.0  | =     |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 176)  |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5(3A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | N/A   | NOTE  | NOTE  | NOTE  | 0.0   | 0.0   | FDD   |
| A\_n6 |       | 4     | 5     | 6,    |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) |       |       |       | NOTE  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 7     |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6(3A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to UE |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| suppo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rting |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PC2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1Tx.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to UE |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| suppo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rting |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PC2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2Tx.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BCS 4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and 5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UEs   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| suppo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rting |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| opt   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ional |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ymmet |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL/DL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| andwi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dths. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| All   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| co    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mbina |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.5A  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2-1. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| All   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sub-  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| block |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gap   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| izes. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PCC   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| alloc |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| same  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| N~RB~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.3   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2-1. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| enter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PCC   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ating |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| loser |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ating |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Set   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 10:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Set 1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation with two uplink
carriers and two or more downlink sub-blocks, throughput of each
downlink component carrier shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of
the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2 and
A.3.2 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) and parameters
specified in Table 7.3.2-1a, Table 7.3.2-1b, Table 7.3.2-2, Table
7.3.2-2a and Table 7.3A.2.2-2 with the power class 3 reference
sensitivity power level increased by ΔRIBNC only for the specific uplink
and downlink test points which are specified in Table 7.3A.2.2-2.The
requirements apply with all downlink carriers and two uplink carriers
active. The reference sensitivity requirements shall be verified with
the network signaling value NS\_01 (Table 6.2.3.1-1) configured.

Table 7.3A.2.2-2: Power class 3 intra-band non-contiguous CA reference
sensitivity\
with two uplink carriers

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | PC    | PC    | UL    | PC    | PCC   | SCC   | D     |
| con   | C/SCC | C/SCC | PC    | C/SCC | ΔR~   | ΔR~   | uplex |
| figur |       | UL Fc | C/SCC | DL Fc | IBNC~ | IBNC~ | mode  |
| ation | (SCS, | (MHz) | alloc | (MHz) | (dB)  | (dB)  |       |
|       | BW)   |       | ation |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | LCRB) |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| C     | (1    | 816.5 | 12    | 861.5 | 38.0  | 13.0  | FDD   |
| A\_n2 | 5kHz, | / 839 | (RB~S | / 884 |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) | 5     |       | TART~ |       |       |       |       |
|       | MHz)/ |       | = 0)  |       |       |       |       |
|       | (1    |       | / 12  |       |       |       |       |
|       | 5kHz, |       | (RB~S |       |       |       |       |
|       | 5MHz) |       | TART~ |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | = 3)  |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

#### 7.3A.2.3 Reference sensitivity power level for Inter-band CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation with one component carrier per
operating band and the uplink assigned to one NR band the throughput
shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement
channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2.2, A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one
sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described
in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1 with parameters specified in Table 7.3.2-1a,
Table 7.3.2-1b, Table 7.3.2-2, Table 7.3.2-2a, Table 7.3.2-3, and in
Table 7.3F.2-1, Table 7.3F.2-2, Table 7.3F.2-3 for inter-band CA with
one shared spectrum channel access band, modified in accordance with
clause 7.3A.3.2. The reference sensitivity is defined to be met with all
downlink component carriers active and one of the uplink carriers
active. Exceptions to reference sensitivity are allowed in accordance
with clause 7.3A.4, 7.3A.5 and 7.3A.6.

For the combination of intra-band and inter-band carrier aggregation,
the intra-band CA relaxation, ΔRIBC and ΔRIBNC, are also applied
according to the clause 7.3A.2.1 and 7.3A.2.2.

The reference sensitivity exceptions due to harmonic, harmonic mixing,
cross band isolation and power class 2 or power class 3 CA
intermodulation interferences are applicable to the UL aggressor band
configured with either one Tx antenna connector or two Tx antenna
connectors with UL MIMO or Tx diversity operation.

#### 7.3A.2.4 Void

### 7.3A.3 ΔR~IB,c~ for CA

#### 7.3A.3.1 General

For a UE supporting a CA configuration, the ΔR~IB,c~ applies for both SC
and CA operation.

#### 7.3A.3.2 ΔR~IB,c~ for Inter-band CA

For the UE which supports inter-band carrier aggregation, the minimum
requirement for reference sensitivity in clause 7.3A.2 shall be
increased by the amount given by ΔR~IB,c~ defined in clause 7.3A.3.2 for
the applicable operating bands. Unless otherwise stated, ΔR~IB,c~ is set
to zero.

In case the UE supports more than one of band combinations for CA, SUL
or DC, and an operating band belongs to more than one band combinations
then

\- When the operating band frequency range is ≤ 1 GHz, the applicable
additional ΔR~IB,c~ shall be the average value for all band combinations
defined in clause 7.3A, 7.3B, 7.3C in this specification and 7.3A, 7.3B
in TS 38.101-3 \[3\], truncated to one decimal place that apply for that
operating band among the supported band combinations. In case there is a
harmonic relation between low band UL and high band DL, then the maximum
ΔR~IB,c~ among the different supported band combinations involving such
band shall be applied

\- When the operating band frequency range is \> 1 GHz, the applicable
additional ΔR~IB,c~ shall be the maximum value for all band combinations
defined in clause 7.3A, 7.3B, 7.3C in this specification and 7.3A, 7.3B
in TS 38.101-3 \[3\] for the applicable operating bands.

##### 7.3A.3.2.1 ΔR~IB,c~ for two bands

Table 7.3A.3.2.1-1: ΔR~IB,c~ due to CA (two bands)

+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| Inter-band CA          | ΔR~IB,c~ for NR bands  |                 |
| combination            | (dB)^8^                |                 |
+========================+========================+=================+
|                        | Component band in      |                 |
|                        | order of bands in      |                 |
|                        | configuration^9^       |                 |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n1-n28             | \-                     | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n1-n67             | \-                     | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n1-n77             | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n1-n78             | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n1-n102            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n1-n105            | \-                     | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n2-n48             | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n2-n66             | 0.3                    | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n2-n71             | \-                     | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n2-n77             | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n2-n78**         | **0.2**                | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n3-n41             | \-                     | 0^4^ / 0.5^5^   |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n3-n67             | 0.3                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n3-n74             | 0.3                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n3-n77             | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n3-n78             | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n3-n79             | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n3-n102            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n3-n105            | \-                     | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n5-n8              | 0.4                    | 0.4             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n5-n12             | 0.5                    | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n5-n28             | 0.2                    | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n5-n41             | 0.2                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n5-n77             | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n5-n78             | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n5-n105            | 0.1                    | 0.1             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n7-n8              | \-                     | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n7-n20             | 0.5                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n7-n40             | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n7-n46             | 0.3                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n7-n66             | 0.5                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n7-n71             | 0.2                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n7-n77             | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n7-n78             | 0.5                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n7-n79**         | **-**                  | **0.5**         |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n7-n102            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n7-n105            | \-                     | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n8-n28             | 0.2                    | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n8-n77             | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n8-n78             | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n8-n79             | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n12-n66            | 0.5                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n12-n71            | 0.8                    | 0.8             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n12-n77**        | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n12-n78            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n13-n77**        | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n14-n77**        | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n18-n77            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n18-n78            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n20-n40**        | **-**                  | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n20-n78**        | **-**                  | **0.5**         |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n24-n48            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n24-n77            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n25-n48            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n25-n66            | 0.3                    | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n25-n71            | \-                     | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n25-n77            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n25-n78            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n25-n85            | \-                     | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n26-n28            | 0.2                    | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n26-n29            | 0.5                    | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n26-n48            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n26-n71            | 0.5                    | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n26-n77            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n26-n78            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n28-n71**        | 0.7                    | 0.7             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n28-n74            | 0.2                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n28-n75            | 0.2                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n28-n77            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n28-n78            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n28-n79            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n28-n102           | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n28-n105           | 0.7                    | 0.7             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n29-n48            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n29-n71            | 0.5                    | 0.7             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n29-n77            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n28-n94            | 0.1                    | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n30-n66            | 0.5                    | 0.4             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n30-n77**        | **-**                  | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n34-n39            | 0.3                    | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n34-n40**        | **0.3**                | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n34-n79            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n38-n66            | 0.5                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n38-n78            | 0.4                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n38-n79            | 0.5                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n39-n40            | 0.3                    | 0.3             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n39-n41            | 0.2                    | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n39-n79            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n40-n77            | 0.4                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n40-n78            | 0.4                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n40-n79            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n40-n105           | \-                     | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n41-n48            | 0.5                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n41-n66            | 0.5^6^ / 1^7^          | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n41-n71            | \-                     | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n41-n77^1^         | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n41-n78^1^         | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n41-n79            | 0.5                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n41-n85            | \-                     | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_ n46-n48**       | **-**                  | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n46-n77            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n46-n78**        | **-**                  | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n48-n53            | 0.5^3^                 | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n48-n66            | 0.5                    | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n48-n70            | 0.5                    | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n48-n96            | 0.5                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n50-n78            | 0.2^2^ / 0.2^3^        | 0.2^2^ / 0.2^3^ |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n66-n77            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n66-n78**        | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n67-n78            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n70-n77            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n70-n78            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n71-n77            | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n71-n78**        | 0.2                    | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n71-n85            | 0.8                    | 0.8             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| **CA\_n74-n77**        | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n74-n78            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n75-n78            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n76-n78            | \-                     | 0.5             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n77-n85            | 0.5                    | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n77-n102           | 0.5                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n78-n92            | 0.5                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n78-n102           | 0.5                    | \-              |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n78-n104           | 0.7                    | 0.8             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| CA\_n78-n105           | 0.5                    | 0.2             |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+
| NOTE 1: The            |                        |                 |
| requirements only      |                        |                 |
| apply when the         |                        |                 |
| sub-frame and Tx-Rx    |                        |                 |
| timings are            |                        |                 |
| synchronized between   |                        |                 |
| the component          |                        |                 |
| carriers. In the       |                        |                 |
| absence of             |                        |                 |
| synchronization, the   |                        |                 |
| requirements are not   |                        |                 |
| within scope of these  |                        |                 |
| specifications.        |                        |                 |
|                        |                        |                 |
| NOTE 2: Only           |                        |                 |
| applicable for UE      |                        |                 |
| supporting inter-band  |                        |                 |
| carrier aggregation    |                        |                 |
| with uplink in one NR  |                        |                 |
| band and without       |                        |                 |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx.    |                        |                 |
|                        |                        |                 |
| NOTE 3: Applicable for |                        |                 |
| UE supporting          |                        |                 |
| inter-band carrier     |                        |                 |
| aggregation without    |                        |                 |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx.    |                        |                 |
|                        |                        |                 |
| NOTE 4: The            |                        |                 |
| requirement is applied |                        |                 |
| for UE transmitting on |                        |                 |
| the frequency range of |                        |                 |
| 2515 -- 2690 MHz.      |                        |                 |
|                        |                        |                 |
| NOTE 5: The            |                        |                 |
| requirement is applied |                        |                 |
| for UE transmitting on |                        |                 |
| the frequency range of |                        |                 |
| 2496 -- 2515 MHz.      |                        |                 |
|                        |                        |                 |
| NOTE 6: The            |                        |                 |
| requirement is applied |                        |                 |
| for UE transmitting on |                        |                 |
| the frequency range of |                        |                 |
| 2545-2690 MHz.         |                        |                 |
|                        |                        |                 |
| NOTE 7: The            |                        |                 |
| requirement is applied |                        |                 |
| for UE transmitting on |                        |                 |
| the frequency range of |                        |                 |
| 2496-2545 MHz          |                        |                 |
|                        |                        |                 |
| NOTE 8: "-" denotes    |                        |                 |
| ΔR~IB,c~ = 0.          |                        |                 |
|                        |                        |                 |
| NOTE 9: The component  |                        |                 |
| band order in the      |                        |                 |
| configuration should   |                        |                 |
| be listed by the order |                        |                 |
| of NR bands, such as   |                        |                 |
| for CA\_n1-n77 the     |                        |                 |
| band order from left   |                        |                 |
| to right is n1 and     |                        |                 |
| n77.                   |                        |                 |
+------------------------+------------------------+-----------------+

Table 7.3A.3.2.1-2: void

##### 7.3A.3.2.2 Void

##### 7.3A.3.2.3 ΔR~IB,c~ for three bands

Table 7.3A.3.2.3-1: ΔR~IB,c~ due to CA **(three bands)**

+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| Inter-band CA  | ΔR~IB,c~ for   |               |                |
| combination    | NR bands       |               |                |
|                | (dB)^9^        |               |                |
+================+================+===============+================+
|                | Component band |               |                |
|                | in order of    |               |                |
|                | bands in       |               |                |
|                | con            |               |                |
|                | figuration^10^ |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n8   | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28  | \-             | \-            | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n38  | 0.2            | 0.2           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n41  | \-             | \-            | 0^5^ / 0.5^6^  |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n78  | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n77  | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n79  | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n105 | 0.3            | 0.3           | 0.3            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n28  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n40  | \-             | 0.2           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n78  | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n79  | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n105 | \-             | 0.2           | 0.3            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n8   | \-             | \-            | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n28  | \-             | \-            | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n40  | \-             | 0.3           | 0.8            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n78  | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n79  | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n105 | \-             | \-            | 0.3            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n28  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n40  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n77  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n78  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n79  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n77 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n20-n67 | \-             | 0.2           | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n20-n78 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n26-n78 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n38 | \-             | 0.2           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n40 | \-             | 0.2           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n41 | \-             | 0.2           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n46 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n75 | \-             | 0.2           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n77 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n78 | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n1-n28-n102 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n38-n78 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n40-n77 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n40-n78 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | \-            | 0.3            |
| A\_n1-n40-n105 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n41-n77 | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n41-n79 | \-             | 0.5           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n46-n78 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n67-n78 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n75-n78 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n77-n79 | 0.2            | 0.5           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n1-n78-n79 | **-**          | 0.5           | **-**          |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n1-n78-n102 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.5           | 0.2            |
| A\_n1-n78-n105 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **C            | **0.4**        | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n2-n5-n30** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n41  | \-             | 0.2           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **C            | **0.2**        | \-            | **0.5**        |
| A\_n2-n5-n48** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **C            | **0.3**        | \-            | 0.3            |
| A\_n2-n5-n66** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n77  | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n7-n71  | \-             | \-            | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n7-n66  | 0.3            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n7-n77  | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n30 | 0.4            | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n41 | 0.5            | 0.3           | 0.4^5^ /       |
|                |                |               | 0.9^6^         |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n66 | 0.3            | 0.5           | 0.3            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n71 | \-             | 0.8           | 0.8            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n77 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | 0.3            | \-            | **0.3**        |
| \_n2-n14-n30** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | 0.3            | \-            | **0.3**        |
| \_n2-n14-n66** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n77 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n30 | 0.3            | \-            | **0.3**        |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n66 | 0.3            | \-            | **0.3**        |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n77 | 0.2            | **0.2**       | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | **0.4**        | 0.5           | 0.4            |
| \_n2-n30-n66** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | **0.2**        | \-            | 0.5            |
| \_n2-n30-n77** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n41-n66 | **0.3**        | 0.5^6^ / 1^7^ | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n41-n71 | **-**          | \-            | 0.3            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | 0.3            | 0.5           | **0.3**        |
| \_n2-n48-n66** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | 0.2            | 0.5           | **0.5**        |
| \_n2-n48-n77** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n66-n71 | 0.3            | 0.3           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | **0.2**        | 0.2           | **0.5**        |
| \_n2-n66-n77** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n66-n78 | 0.3            | 0.3           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n2-n71-n77 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n28  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.1            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n79  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n8   | \-             | \-            | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n38  | \-             | 0.5           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n40  | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.3            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **C            | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n3-n7-n78** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **C            | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n3-n7-n79** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n105 | \-             | \-            | 0.3            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n28  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.1            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **C            | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n3-n8-n77** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n41  | \-             | \-            | 0^1^ / 0.5^2^  |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **C            | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n3-n5-n78** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **C            | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n3-n8-n78** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n41 | \-             | \-            | 0^1^ / 0.5^2^  |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n77 | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n20-n28 | \-             | 0.1           | 0.1            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n20-n67 | \-             | 0.1           | 0.1            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| \_n3-n20-n78** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| \_n3-n26-n78** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n41 | \-             | \-            | 0^1^ / 0.5^2^  |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n77 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n78 | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n79 | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n39-n41 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.2^4^ /       |
|                |                |               | 0.7^5^         |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n39-n79 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n40-n78 | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | \-            | 0.3            |
| A\_n3-n40-n105 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n67-n78 | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n77-n79 | 0.2            | 0.5           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n78-n79 | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n40-n41 | \-             | \-            | 0^1^ / 0.5^2^  |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n41-n77 | 0.2            | 0^1^ / 0.5^2^ | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n41-n78 | 0.2            | 0^1^ / 0.5^2^ | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | \-             | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| \_n3-n41-n79** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n3-n75-n78 | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.3            |
| A\_n3-n78-n105 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n28  | \-             | \-            | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n40  | 0.2            | 0.3           | 0.7            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n66  | \-             | 0.5           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n77  | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n78  | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n12-n77 | 0.5            | 0.3           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n14-n77 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n29 | 0.5            | \-            | 0.3            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n41 | 0.2            | \-            | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n77 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| \_n5-n25-n78** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| \_n5-n28-n78** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| \_n5-n28-n79** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.7           | 0.7            |
| A\_n5-n28-n105 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n29-n66 | 0.5            | 0.3           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n29-n77 | 0.5            | **0.3**       | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | **-**          | 0.5           | 0.4            |
| \_n5-n30-n66** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | **0.2**        | \-            | 0.5            |
| \_n5-n30-n77** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n40-n78 | 0.2            | 0.4           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.8           | 0.2            |
| A\_n5-n40-n105 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n41-n66 | 0.2            | 0.5^5^ / 1^6^ | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n41-n77 | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | \-             | 0.5           | **0.2**        |
| \_n5-n48-n66** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | 0.2            | 0.5           | **0.5**        |
| \_n5-n48-n77** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA           | **0.2**        | 0.2           | **0.5**        |
| \_n5-n66-n77** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n66-n78 | 0.5            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n5-n78-n79 | 0.2            | 0.5           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.2            |
| A\_n5-n78-n105 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n8-n28  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.1            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n8-n40  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n8-n78  | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n12-n71 | 0.2            | 0.8           | 0.8            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n12-n77 | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n20-n67 | \-             | 0.2           | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n20-n78 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n66 | 0.5            | 0.3           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n71 | 0.3            | 0.3           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n77 | 0.5            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n78 | 0.5            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n26-n78 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n28-n40 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n28-n78 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.5           | 0.2            |
| A\_n7-n40-n105 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n46-n78 | 0.5            | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n66-n71 | 0.5            | 0.5           | 0.1            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n66-n77 | 0.5            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n66-n78 | 0.5            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n67-n78 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n71-n77 | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n7-n75-n78 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n7-n78-n102 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.5           | 0.2            |
| A\_n7-n78-n105 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n20-n28 | 0.3            | 0.2           | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n28-n40 | 0.2            | 0.2           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n28-n75 | 0.2            | 0.2           | \-             |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n28-n77 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n28-n78 | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n39-n40 | \-             | 0.3           | 0.3            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n39-n41 | \-             | 0.2^4^        | 0.2            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n40-n77 | 0.2            | 0.4           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n40-n78 | 0.2            | 0.4           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n40-n79 | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n41-n79 | \-             | 0.5           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA\_n8-n78-n79 | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.3           | 0.3            |
| A\_n12-n25-n66 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.5           | 0.4            |
| A\_n12-n30-n66 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n12-n30-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.1            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n12-n41-n66 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n12-n41-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n12-n66-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.8            | 0.8           | 0.5            |
| A\_n12-n71-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.3           | 0.3            |
| A\_n13-n25-n66 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n13-n25-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.3           | 0.5            |
| A\_n13-n66-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.5           | **0.4**        |
| A\_n14-n30-n66 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n14-n30-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n14-n66-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n18-n28-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n18-n41-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.2           | \-             |
| A\_n20-n28-n75 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n20-n28-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n20-n67-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n24-n41-n48 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n24-n41-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n24-n48-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | \-            | 0.3            |
| A\_n25-n29-n66 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.4           | 0.5            |
| A\_n25-n38-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.5^5^ / 1^6^ | 0.3            |
| A\_n25-n41-n66 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | \-            | 0.2            |
| A\_n25-n41-n71 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n25-n41-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.5           | 0.3            |
| A\_n25-n48-n66 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.3           | 0.3            |
| A\_n25-n66-n71 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.3           | 0.5            |
| A\_n25-n66-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.3           | 0.5            |
| A\_n25-n66-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.3           | 0.5            |
| A\_n25-n66-n85 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n25-n71-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.3           | 0.5            |
| A\_n25-n71-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.8           | 0.8            |
| A\_n25-n71-n85 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.2            |
| A\_n25-n77-n85 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.3           | \-             |
| A\_n26-n29-n66 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.3           | \-             |
| A\_n26-n29-n70 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.5           | 0.2            |
| A\_n26-n48-n66 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.5           | 0.2            |
| A\_n26-n48-n70 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | \-            | 0.3            |
| A\_n26-n66-n71 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n26-n66-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | \-            | 0.3            |
| A\_n26-n70-n71 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n26-n70-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n28-n38-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.3           | 0.3            |
| A\_n28-n39-n40 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.2           | 0.2            |
| A\_n28-n39-n41 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n28-n39-n79 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n28-n40-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n28-n40-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n28-n40-n79 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n28-n41-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n28-n41-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n28-n41-n79 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n28-n46-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n28-n75-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.5           | \-             |
| A\_n28-n77-n79 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.5           | \-             |
| A\_n28-n78-n79 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA             | 0.2            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| \_n28-n78-n102 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.5           | 0.4            |
| A\_n29-n30-n66 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | \-            | 0.5            |
| A\_n29-n30-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.3           | 0.7            |
| A\_n29-n66-n71 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n29-n66-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.2            |
| A\_n29-n70-n71 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.4           | 0.5            |
| A\_n30-n66-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.3           | 0.3            |
| A\_n34-n39-n40 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.3           | 0.2            |
| A\_n34-n39-n41 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.3           | \-             |
| A\_n34-n40-n41 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n34-n41-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.6           | 0.6            |
| A\_n39-n40-n41 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.3            | 0.3           | 0.5            |
| A\_n39-n40-n79 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0              | 0.5           | 0.8            |
| A\_n39-n41-n79 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| **CA\          | 0^8^           | 0.5^8^        | 0.5            |
| _n40-n41-n79** |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA             | 0.4            | 0.5           | 0.2            |
| \_n40-n78-n105 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5^1^ / 1^2^  | 0.5           | \-             |
| A\_n41-n66-n71 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n41-n66-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n41-n66-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5^1^ / 1^2^  | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n41-n66-n85 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n41-n70-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n41-n71-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n41-n71-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.8           | 0.8            |
| A\_n41-n71-n85 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n41-n77-n79 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n41-n77-n85 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.5           | 0.6            |
| A\_n46-n48-n96 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.2           | 0.2            |
| A\_n48-n66-n70 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| CA             | \-             | 0.5           | \-             |
| \_n46-n78-n102 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.2            |
| A\_n48-n66-n71 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n48-n66-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.2            |
| A\_n48-n70-n71 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n48-n70-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n48-n71-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n66-n70-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n66-n71-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n66-n71-n78 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | \-             | 0.8           | 0.8            |
| A\_n66-n71-n85 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.5            | 0.5           | 0.5            |
| A\_n66-n77-n85 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| C              | 0.2            | 0.2           | 0.5            |
| A\_n70-n71-n77 |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1:        |                |               |                |
| Applicable for |                |               |                |
| the frequency  |                |               |                |
| range of       |                |               |                |
| 2515-2690 MHz. |                |               |                |
|                |                |               |                |
| NOTE 2:        |                |               |                |
| Applicable for |                |               |                |
| the frequency  |                |               |                |
| range of       |                |               |                |
| 2496-2515 MHz. |                |               |                |
|                |                |               |                |
| NOTE 3: Void.  |                |               |                |
|                |                |               |                |
| NOTE 4: Void.  |                |               |                |
|                |                |               |                |
| NOTE 5: The    |                |               |                |
| requirement is |                |               |                |
| applied for UE |                |               |                |
| transmitting   |                |               |                |
| on the         |                |               |                |
| frequency      |                |               |                |
| range of 2545  |                |               |                |
| - 2690 MHz.    |                |               |                |
|                |                |               |                |
| NOTE 6: The    |                |               |                |
| requirement is |                |               |                |
| applied for UE |                |               |                |
| transmitting   |                |               |                |
| on the         |                |               |                |
| frequency      |                |               |                |
| range of 2496  |                |               |                |
| - 2545 MHz.    |                |               |                |
|                |                |               |                |
| NOTE 7: Void.  |                |               |                |
|                |                |               |                |
| NOTE 8: Void.  |                |               |                |
|                |                |               |                |
| NOTE 9: "-"    |                |               |                |
| denotes        |                |               |                |
| ΔR**~IB,c~** = |                |               |                |
| 0.             |                |               |                |
|                |                |               |                |
| NOTE 10: The   |                |               |                |
| component band |                |               |                |
| order in the   |                |               |                |
| configuration  |                |               |                |
| should be      |                |               |                |
| listed by the  |                |               |                |
| order of NR    |                |               |                |
| bands, such as |                |               |                |
| for            |                |               |                |
| CA\_n1-n3-n8   |                |               |                |
| the band order |                |               |                |
| from left to   |                |               |                |
| right is n1,   |                |               |                |
| n3 and n8.     |                |               |                |
+----------------+----------------+---------------+----------------+

##### 7.3A.3.2.4 ΔR~IB,c~ for four bands

Table 7.3A.3.2.4-1: ΔR~IB,c~ due to CA **(four bands)**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Inter-band  | ΔR~IB,c~    |             |             |             |
| CA          | for NR      |             |             |             |
| combination | bands       |             |             |             |
|             | (dB)^7^     |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             | Component   |             |             |             |
|             | band in     |             |             |             |
|             | order of    |             |             |             |
|             | bands in    |             |             |             |
|             | confi       |             |             |             |
|             | guration^8^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         |
| 1-n3-n5-n28 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          | 0.5         |
| 1-n3-n5-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | \-          | \-          | \-          | 0.2         |
| n1-n3-n7-n8 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | \-          | \-          | \-          | 0.2         |
| 1-n3-n7-n26 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | \-          | \-          | \-          | 0.2         |
| 1-n3-n7-n28 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.3         |
| 1-n3-n7-n40 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | \-          | \-          | \-          | 0.2         |
| 1-n3-n7-n67 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.3         | 0.3         | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| 1-n3-n7-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.2         | \-          | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| 1-n3-n7-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | \-          | 0.2         | 0.3         |
| -n3-n7-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| 1-n3-n8-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| 1-n3-n8-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | \-          | \-          | \-          | 0.2         |
| -n3-n18-n28 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | \-          | \-          | \-          | 0^5^ /      |
| -n3-n18-n41 |             |             |             | 0.5^6^      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          | 0.5         |
| -n3-n18-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | \-          | \-          | \-          | 0.2         |
| -n3-n20-n67 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| -n3-n26-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | \-          | \-          | 0.2         | \-          |
| -n3-n28-n38 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | \-          | \-          | 0.2         | 0^5^ /      |
| -n3-n28-n41 |             |             |             | 0.5^6^      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| -n3-n28-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| -n3-n28-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | \-          | \-          | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| -n3-n28-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.3         | 0.3         | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| -n3-n40-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| -n3-n40-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.3         | 0.3         | 0.3         | 0.3         |
| n3-n40-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0^5^ /      | 0.5         |
| -n3-n41-n77 |             |             | 0.5^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | \-          | \-          | 0^5^ /      | 0.5         |
| -n3-n41-n79 |             |             | 0.5^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| -n3-n67-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | \-          | \-          | \-          | 0.5         |
| -n3-n75-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| -n3-n77-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.3         | 0.3         |
| 1-n5-n7-n40 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| 1-n5-n7-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.3         |
| -n5-n7-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| -n5-n28-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| -n5-n28-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.4         | 0.5         |
| -n5-n40-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.3         | 0.3         |
| n5-n40-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| -n5-n78-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.3         |
| n5-n78-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | \-          | \-          | 0.3         | 0.8         |
| 1-n7-n8-n40 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| 1-n7-n8-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          | \-          |
| -n7-n26-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | \-          | \-          | 0.2         | \-          |
| -n7-n28-n38 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          | \-          |
| -n7-n28-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | \-          | 0.4         | 0.5         |
| -n7-n40-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | \-          | 0.4         | 0.3         |
| n7-n40-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          | \-          |
| -n7-n67-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | \-          | \-          | \-          | 0.5         |
| -n7-n75-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.3         |
| n7-n78-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.2         | \-          | 0.4         | 0.5         |
| -n8-n40-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1      | 0.3         | 0.3         | 0.5         | \-          |
| -n8-n78-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | \-          | 0.2         | \-          |
| n18-n28-n41 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | \-          | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n18-n28-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | \-          | \-          | 0.5         |
| n18-n41-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          | 0.5         |
| n28-n38-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | \-          | 0.2         | \-          | 0.5         |
| n28-n40-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | \-          | 0.2         | \-          | 0.5         |
| n28-n40-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          | 0.5         |
| n28-n41-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | \-          | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n28-n41-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | \-          | 0.2         | \-          | 0.5         |
| n28-n75-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n28-n77-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n28-n78-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1-     | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n41-n77-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2      | 0.4         | \-          | 0.5         | 0.4         |
| -n5-n30-n66 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2      | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          | 0.5         |
| -n5-n30-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2      | 0.2         | \-          | **0.5**     | 0.2         |
| -n5-n48-n66 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2      | 0.2         | \-          | **0.5**     | 0.5         |
| -n5-n48-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2      | 0.3         | \-          | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| -n5-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.4         | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.4         |
| n12-n30-n66 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          | 0.5         |
| n12-n30-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n12-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.4         | \-          | 0.5         | 0.4         |
| n14-n30-n66 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          | 0.5         |
| n14-n30-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n14-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.4         | \-          | 0.5         | 0.4         |
| n29-n30-n66 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          | 0.5         |
| n29-n30-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.4         | 0.5         |
| n30-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.3         | 0.5^1^ /    | 0.5         | 0.3         |
| n41-n66-n71 |             | 1^2^        |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.3         | 0.5         | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| n48-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.3         | 0.5         | \-          | 0.5         |
| n66-n71-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2-     | 0.3         | 0.5         | \-          | 0.5         |
| n66-n71-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| 3-n5-n7-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3      | **0.2**     | 0.2         | **0.2**     | 0.5         |
| -n5-n28-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3      | **0.2**     | 0.2         | **0.2**     | 0.5         |
| -n5-n28-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| 3-n7-n8-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| -n7-n20-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| -n7-n26-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| -n7-n28-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| -n7-n40-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.3         |
| n7-n40-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3      | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| -n7-n67-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3      | \-          | \-          | \-          | 0.5         |
| -n7-n75-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.3         |
| n7-n78-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3      | \-          | 0.2         | **0.5**     | 0.5         |
| -n8-n41-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | \-          | \-          | \-          | 0^5^ /      |
| n18-n28-n41 |             |             |             | 0.5^6^      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | 0.2         | \-          | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n18-n28-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | 0.2         | \-          | 0^5^ /      | 0.5         |
| n18-n41-n77 |             |             | 0.5^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n20-n67-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n28-n40-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | 0.5         | 0.2         | 0^1^ /      | 0.5         |
| n28-n41-n77 |             |             | 0.5^2^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | 0.5         | 0.2         | 0^1^ /      | 0.5         |
| n28-n41-n78 |             |             | 0.5^2^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | \-          | 0.2         | **0.5**     | 0.5         |
| n28-n41-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | **0.5**     | 0.5         |
| n28-n77-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3-     | 0.2         | **0.5**     | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n41-n77-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5      | 0.2         | **0.2**     | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| -n7-n40-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.3         |
| n7-n40-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5      | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| -n7-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.3         |
| n7-n78-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5-     | 0.5         | \-          | 0.3         | \-          |
| n25-n29-n66 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5-     | 0.5         | 0.3         | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| n25-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5-     | 0.5         | 0.3         | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| n25-n66-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n28-n78-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5-     | 0.2         | 0.4         | 0.4         | 0.5         |
| n30-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5-n    | 0.2         | 0.4         | 0.5         | 0.3         |
| 40-n78-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5-     | 0.2         | 0.5         | **0.2**     | 0.5         |
| n48-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | \-          | 0.2         | 0.4         | 0.5         |
| -n8-n40-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7-     | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| n12-n25-n66 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7-     | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n20-n67-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7-     | 0.5         | 0.3         | 0.5         | 0.3         |
| n25-n66-n71 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7-     | 0.5         | 0.6         | 0.6         | 0.8         |
| n25-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7-     | 0.5         | 0.6         | 0.6         | 0.8         |
| n25-n66-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7-n    | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.8         | 0.3         |
| 40-n78-n105 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7-     | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n66-n71-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n8-     | 0.3         | 0.2         | 0.2         | \-          |
| n20-n28-n75 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n8-     | 0.2         | \-          | **0.5**     | 0.5         |
| n39-n41-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n12-    | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n30-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n13-    | 0.3         | 0.3         | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| n25-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n14-    | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n30-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n18-    | \-          | 0.2         | 0^5^ /      | 0.5         |
| n28-n41-n77 |             |             | 0.5^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | 0.3         | 0.4         | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| n38-n66-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | 0.3         | 0.5         | 0.5         | \-          |
| n41-n66-n71 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | 0.3         | 0.5^3^ /    | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| n41-n66-n77 |             | 1.0^4^      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | 0.3         | 0.5^3^ /    | 0.3         | 0.5         |
| n41-n66-n78 |             | 1.0^4^      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | 0.3         | 0.5         | 0.5         | \-          |
| n41-n66-n85 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | \-          | \-          | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n41-n71-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | \-          | \-          | 0.5         | 0.2         |
| n41-n77-n85 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | \-          | \-          | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n41-n71-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | 0.3         | 0.5         | \-          | 0.2         |
| n41-n71-n85 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | 0.3         | 0.3         | **0.3**     | 0.5         |
| n66-n71-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | 0.3         | 0.3         | **0.3**     | 0.5         |
| n66-n71-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | 0.3         | 0.3         | **0.8**     | 0.8         |
| n66-n71-n85 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25-    | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n66-n77-n85 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n28-    | 0.2         | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n41-n77-n79 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n29-    | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.5         |
| n30-n66-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n29-    | 0.5         | 0.3         | 0.2         | 0.7         |
| n66-n70-n71 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n41-    | \-          | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n66-n70-n78 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n41-    | 0^3^ /      | 0.5         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n66-n71-n77 | 0.5^4^      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n41-    | 0^3^ /      | 0.5         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n66-n71-n78 | 0.5^4^      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n41-    | 0.5         | 0.3         | \-          | 0.2         |
| n66-n71-n85 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n41-    | 0^3^ /      | 0.5         | 0.5         | 0.2         |
| n66-n77-n85 | 0.5^4^      |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n48-    | 0.5         | 0.2         | 0.2         | 0.5         |
| n66-n70-n77 |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1:     |             |             |             |             |
| Applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for the     |             |             |             |             |
| frequency   |             |             |             |             |
| range of    |             |             |             |             |
| 2515-2690   |             |             |             |             |
| MHz.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2:     |             |             |             |             |
| Applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for the     |             |             |             |             |
| frequency   |             |             |             |             |
| range of    |             |             |             |             |
| 2496-2515   |             |             |             |             |
| MHz         |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 5: The |             |             |             |             |
| requirement |             |             |             |             |
| is applied  |             |             |             |             |
| for UE      |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmitting |             |             |             |             |
| on the      |             |             |             |             |
| frequency   |             |             |             |             |
| range of    |             |             |             |             |
| 2545 - 2690 |             |             |             |             |
| MHz.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 6: The |             |             |             |             |
| requirement |             |             |             |             |
| is applied  |             |             |             |             |
| for UE      |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmitting |             |             |             |             |
| on the      |             |             |             |             |
| frequency   |             |             |             |             |
| range of    |             |             |             |             |
| 2496 - 2545 |             |             |             |             |
| MHz         |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 7: "-" |             |             |             |             |
| denotes     |             |             |             |             |
| ΔR~IB,c~ =  |             |             |             |             |
| 0.          |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 8: The |             |             |             |             |
| component   |             |             |             |             |
| band order  |             |             |             |             |
| in the      |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| should be   |             |             |             |             |
| listed by   |             |             |             |             |
| the order   |             |             |             |             |
| of NR       |             |             |             |             |
| bands, such |             |             |             |             |
| as for      |             |             |             |             |
| CA\_n       |             |             |             |             |
| 1-n3-n7-n78 |             |             |             |             |
| the band    |             |             |             |             |
| order from  |             |             |             |             |
| left to     |             |             |             |             |
| right is n1 |             |             |             |             |
| n3, n7 and  |             |             |             |             |
| n78.        |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

##### 7.3A.3.2.5 ΔR~IB,c~ for five bands

Table 7.3A.3.2.5-1: ΔR~IB,c~ due to CA **(five bands)**

+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| Inter-band CA | ΔR~IB,c~ for  |     |     |             |     |
| combination   | NR bands      |     |     |             |     |
|               | (dB)^1^       |     |     |             |     |
+===============+===============+=====+=====+=============+=====+
|               | Component     |     |     |             |     |
|               | band in order |     |     |             |     |
|               | of bands in   |     |     |             |     |
|               | con           |     |     |             |     |
|               | figuration^2^ |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1        | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.2         | 0.5 |
| -n3-n5-n7-n78 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-       | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.2         | 0.5 |
| n3-n5-n28-n78 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-       | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.2         | 0.5 |
| n3-n7-n26-n78 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-       | \-            | \-  | \-  | 0.2         | \-  |
| n3-n7-n28-n38 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-       | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.2         | 0.5 |
| n3-n7-n28-n78 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-       | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.3         | 0.5 |
| n3-n7-n40-n78 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-       | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.2         | 0.5 |
| n3-n7-n67-n78 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n      | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.5         | 0.3 |
| 3-n7-n78-n105 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-       | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.2         | 0.5 |
| n3-n7-n75-n78 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n      | 0.2           | 0.5 | 0.2 | 0^3^/0.5^4^ | 0.5 |
| 3-n28-n41-n77 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n      | \-            | \-  | 0.2 | 0.5         | 0.5 |
| 3-n28-n41-n79 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n      | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.5         | 0.5 |
| 3-n28-n77-n79 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n3     | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.5         | 0.2 |
| -n40-n78-n105 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n      | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.5 | 0.5         | 0.5 |
| 3-n41-n77-n79 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-       | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.5         | 0.5 |
| n5-n7-n40-n78 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n      | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.3 | 0.5         | 0.3 |
| 5-n7-n40-n105 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n      | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.5         | 0.3 |
| 5-n7-n78-n105 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n      | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.5         | 0.5 |
| 5-n28-n78-n79 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n5     | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.5         | 0.3 |
| -n40-n78-n105 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n7     | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.5         | 0.2 |
| -n40-n78-n105 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n1-n2     | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.5 | 0.5         | 0.5 |
| 8-n41-n77-n79 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n2-n      | 0.3           | 0.2 | 0.5 | 0.4         | 0.5 |
| 5-n30-n66-n77 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n2-n      | 0.2           | \-  | 0.5 | 0.2         | 0.5 |
| 5-n48-n66-n77 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n2-n1     | 0.2           | 0.5 | 0.5 | 0.5         | 0.5 |
| 2-n30-n66-n77 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n2-n1     | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.5 | 0.5         | 0.5 |
| 4-n30-n66-n77 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n2-n2     | 0.2           | 0.5 | 0.5 | 0.5         | 0.5 |
| 9-n30-n66-n77 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n3-n      | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.2         | 0.5 |
| 7-n20-n67-n78 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n3-n7     | 0.2           | 0.5 | 0.2 | 0.5         | 0.2 |
| -n40-n78-n105 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n3-n2     | 0.5           | 0.2 | 0.5 | 0.5         | 0.5 |
| 8-n41-n77-n79 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| CA\_n5-n7     | 0.2           | 0.2 | 0.5 | 0.5         | 0.3 |
| -n40-n78-n105 |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+
| NOTE 1: "-"   |               |     |     |             |     |
| denotes       |               |     |     |             |     |
| ΔR~IB,c~ = 0. |               |     |     |             |     |
|               |               |     |     |             |     |
| NOTE 2: The   |               |     |     |             |     |
| component     |               |     |     |             |     |
| band order in |               |     |     |             |     |
| the           |               |     |     |             |     |
| configuration |               |     |     |             |     |
| should be     |               |     |     |             |     |
| listed by the |               |     |     |             |     |
| order of NR   |               |     |     |             |     |
| bands, such   |               |     |     |             |     |
| as for        |               |     |     |             |     |
| CA\_n1        |               |     |     |             |     |
| -n3-n5-n7-n78 |               |     |     |             |     |
| the band      |               |     |     |             |     |
| order from    |               |     |     |             |     |
| left to right |               |     |     |             |     |
| is n1 n3, n5, |               |     |     |             |     |
| n7 and n78.   |               |     |     |             |     |
|               |               |     |     |             |     |
| NOTE 3: The   |               |     |     |             |     |
| requirement   |               |     |     |             |     |
| is applied    |               |     |     |             |     |
| for UE        |               |     |     |             |     |
| transmitting  |               |     |     |             |     |
| on the        |               |     |     |             |     |
| frequency     |               |     |     |             |     |
| range of 2545 |               |     |     |             |     |
| - 2690 MHz.   |               |     |     |             |     |
|               |               |     |     |             |     |
| NOTE 4: The   |               |     |     |             |     |
| requirement   |               |     |     |             |     |
| is applied    |               |     |     |             |     |
| for UE        |               |     |     |             |     |
| transmitting  |               |     |     |             |     |
| on the        |               |     |     |             |     |
| frequency     |               |     |     |             |     |
| range of 2496 |               |     |     |             |     |
| - 2545 MHz    |               |     |     |             |     |
+---------------+---------------+-----+-----+-------------+-----+

##### 7.3A.3.2.6 ΔR~IB,c~ for six bands

Table 7.3A.3.2.6-1: ΔR~IB,c~ due to CA **(six bands)**

+-------------------+-------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| Inter-band CA     | ΔR~IB,c~ for NR   |     |     |     |     |     |
| combination       | bands (dB)^1^     |     |     |     |     |     |
+===================+===================+=====+=====+=====+=====+=====+
|                   | Component band in |     |     |     |     |     |
|                   | order of bands in |     |     |     |     |     |
|                   | configuration^2^  |     |     |     |     |     |
+-------------------+-------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| CA\_n1-           | 0.2               | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.5 |
| n3-n7-n28-n38-n78 |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
+-------------------+-------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| CA\_n1-n          | 0.2               | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.3 | 0.5 | 0.3 |
| 3-n7-n40-n78-n105 |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
+-------------------+-------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| CA\_n1-n          | 0.2               | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.3 | 0.5 | 0.3 |
| 5-n7-n40-n78-n105 |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
+-------------------+-------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+
| NOTE 1: "-"       |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| denotes ΔR~IB,c~  |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| = 0.              |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
|                   |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| NOTE 2: The       |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| component band    |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| order in the      |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| configuration     |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| should be listed  |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| by the order of   |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| NR bands, such as |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| for               |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| CA                |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| \_n1-n3-n5-n7-n78 |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| the band order    |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| from left to      |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| right is n1 n3,   |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
| n5, n7 and n78.   |                   |     |     |     |     |     |
+-------------------+-------------------+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+

#### 7.3A.3.3 ΔR~IB,c~ for Intra-band CA

Table 7.3A.3.3-1: ΔR~IB,c~ due to Intra-band contiguous CA

  Intra-band CA   Operating Band   ΔR~IB,c~ (dB)
  --------------- ---------------- ---------------
  CA\_n96E        n96              0.5

Table 7.3A.3.3-2: ΔR~IB,c~ due to Intra-band non-contiguous CA

+-------------+-----------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | SCS       | Aggregated  | ΔR~IBNC~    | Duplex mode |
| co          |           | channel     | (dB)        |             |
| nfiguration | (PCC/SCC) | bandwidth   |             |             |
|             |           | (PCC+SCC)   |             |             |
|             | (kHz)     |             |             |             |
+=============+===========+=============+=============+=============+
| CA\_n96(4A) | 15/30/60  | 320MHz      | 0.5         | TDD         |
+-------------+-----------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

### 7.3A.4 Reference sensitivity exceptions due to harmonic interference for CA

Sensitivity degradation is allowed for different combinations of UL
configurations and DL channel bandwidths if a band in frequency range 1
is impacted by UL harmonic interference from another band which belongs
to NR band in frequency range 1 of the same downlink CA configuration.
Reference sensitivity exceptions and uplink/downlink configurations due
to UL harmonic from a PC3 aggressor NR UL band for either single band
uplink or PC3 or PC2 CA are specified in Table 7.3A.4-1. For these
exceptions, only the listed test points in Table 7.3A.4-1 are needed to
be tested.

Table 7.3A.4-1: Reference sensitivity exceptions and uplink/downlink
configurations due to UL harmonic from a PC3 aggressor NR UL band for NR
DL CA FR1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| UL    | DL    | UL BW | SCS   | UL RB | DL BW | MSD   | UL/DL | UL/DL |
| band  | band  |       | of UL | Alloc |       |       | fc    | har   |
|       |       |       | band  | ation |       |       | cond  | monic |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ition | order |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       | (MHz) | (kHz) | L     | (MHz) | (dB)  |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~CRB~ |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n1    | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n1    | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n2    | n48   | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *25** |       | 8.1** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **n   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ear-m |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iss** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n2    | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n2    | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n2    | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n2    | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n3    | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n3    | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n3    | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n3    | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n5    | n     | **5** | *     | **8** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       | 41^1^ |       | *15** |       |       | 0.3** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n5    | n     | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       | 77^8^ |       | *15** |       |       | 0.5** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n5    | n     | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       | 77^8^ |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n5    | n     | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       | 77^8^ |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n5    | n     | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       | 77^8^ |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n5    | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.5** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n5    | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n7    | n79   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *25** |       | 9.3** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **n   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ear-m |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iss** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n8    | n     | **    | **    | **    | **    | **    | *     | *     |
|       | 3^13^ | N/A** | N/A** | N/A** | N/A** | N/A** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n8    | n7    | **5** | *     | **8** | 5     | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | *10** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n8    | n7    | **5** | *     | **8** | 50    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 1.1** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n8    | n41   | **5** | *     | **8** | 10    | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | *13** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n8    | n41   | **5** | *     | **8** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 4.5** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n8    | n77   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n8    | n77   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.1** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n8    | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n8    | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.1** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n8    | n79   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.0** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n8    | n79   | **5** | *     | **5** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n12   | n48   | **5** | *     | **5** | 5     | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | *13** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n12   | n48   | **5** | *     | **5** | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.3** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n12   | n66   | **5** | *     | **8** | 5     | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | *10** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n12   | n66   | **5** | *     | **8** | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.1** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n12   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n12   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n12   | n     | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       | 78^1^ |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n13   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n13   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n14   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n14   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n18   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n18   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n18   | n78   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n20   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n20   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.1** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n24   | n     | **5** | *     | *     | *     | **    | *     | *     |
|       | 77^8^ |       | *15** | *12** | *10** | N/A** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n25   | n48   | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *25** |       | 8.1** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **n   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ear-m |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iss** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n25   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n25   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n25   | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n25   | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n26   | n     | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **    | *     | *     |
|       | 77^8^ |       | *15** |       |       | N/A** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n26   | n     | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **    | *     | *     |
|       | 77^8^ |       | *15** |       |       | N/A** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n26   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n26   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **3** | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       |       | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n1    | **5** | *     | **8** | 5     | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.2** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n1    | **5** | *     | **8** | 50    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.6** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n50   | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 8.1** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n50   | **5** | *     | *     | 80    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 5.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n74   | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 8.1** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n74   | **5** | *     | *     | 20    | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | *18** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n75   | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 8.1** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n75   | **5** | *     | *     | 50    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 7.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n78   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n78   | **5** | *     | **5** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n94   | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 8.1** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n28   | n94   | **5** | *     | *     | 20    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 1.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n66   | n48   | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 7.1** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n66   | n48   | **5** | *     | *     | 1     | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** | 00^7^ | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n66   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n66   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n66   | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n66   | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n70   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n70   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n70   | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n70   | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n71   | n     | **5** | *     | **8** | 5     | **    | *     | *     |
|       | 2^10^ |       | *15** |       |       | 1.7** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **n   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ear-m |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iss** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n71   | n7^1^ | **5** | *     | **6** | 5     | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 4.6** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n71   | n2    | **5** | *     | **8** | 5     | **    | *     | *     |
|       | 5^11^ |       | *15** |       |       | 6.9** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n71   | n41   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n71   | n41   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.1** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n71   | n70   | **5** | *     | **8** | 5     | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 9.9** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n71   | n70   | **5** | *     | **8** | 25    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 4.1** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n71   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | UL    |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | 5/DL1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | direc |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | t-hit |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n71   | n78   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n104  | *     | *     | *     | 20    | **3   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 7.5** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n85   | n66   | **5** | *     | **8** | 5     | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | *10** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n85   | n66   | **5** | *     | **8** | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.1** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n85   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n85   | n77   | **5** | *     | **5** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n92   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n92   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.1** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n94   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n94   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.1** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n105  | n7    | **5** | *     | **8** | 5     | 18    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       |       | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n105  | n78   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | 11.8  | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       |       | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| direc |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t-hit |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is at |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| least |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| one   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| indiv |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2^nd^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3^rd^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4^th^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5^th^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| har   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| monic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of a  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| using |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| start |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| =     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floo  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r((N~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB~-L |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ~CRB~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| )/2), |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| flo   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or(x) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gre   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atest |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| teger |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| less  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to x, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| N~RB~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| L     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ~CRB~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pecti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| vely, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB's  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| subca |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL NR |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| may   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aff   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ected |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| by    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| near  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -miss |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| terfe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL NR |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| low   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ith![ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ](./m |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edia/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2708 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heig  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ht="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2187 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| !     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| [](./ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| media |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /imag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| e6.wm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f){wi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dth=" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0.468 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 75in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 08333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ith![ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ](./m |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edia/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2708 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heig  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ht="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2187 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| !     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| [](./ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| media |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /imag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| e6.wm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f){wi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dth=" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0.468 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 75in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 08333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| near  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -miss |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| direc |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t-hit |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| do    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pply. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| These |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| no    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| l     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| arger |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 10    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| at    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $\pm  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \lef |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t( 10 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  + BW |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{Ch\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 \ri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ght)$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| o     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ffset |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (h    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ,     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| here! |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| [](./ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| media |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /imag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| e6.wm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f){wi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dth=" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0.468 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 75in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| he    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ight= |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| "0.20 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 83333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33334 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in"}a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndare |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bands |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pecti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| vely. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| these |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| andwi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dths, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nimum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| restr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| icted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as a  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| part  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of CA |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| conf  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igura |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12 of |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.2-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 10:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| These |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upper |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edge  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the 5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n71   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lo    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| at    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 668   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n2 is |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lo    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| its   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upper |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edge  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| at    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1990  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| These |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upper |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edge  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the 5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n71   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lo    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| at    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 668   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n25   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lo    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| its   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upper |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edge  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| at    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1995  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 13:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| No    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is at |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| least |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| one   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| indiv |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| low   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2nd   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| har   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| monic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| high  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ensit |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ivity |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| all   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ctive |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| comp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| onent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| car   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| riers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| case  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (the  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lause |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7.3.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nless |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| othe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rwise |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pecif |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ied). |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The reference sensitivity for the shared access band does not apply when
there is at least one individual RE within the shared access downlink
transmission bandwidth which falls into the reference sensitivity
exclusion region as specified in Table 7.3A.4-1a.

Table 7.3A.4-1a: NR-U reference sensitivity measurement exclusion region
in MHz.

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>NR Band / Harmonic order / Channel BW in UL</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>UL</p>
<p>Band</p></td>
<td>Harmonic order</td>
<td><p>DL</p>
<p>Band</p></td>
<td>5MHz</td>
<td>10MHz</td>
<td>15MHz</td>
<td>20 MHz</td>
<td>25 MHz</td>
<td>30 MHz</td>
<td>40MHz</td>
<td>45MHz</td>
<td>50 MHz</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>n46</td>
<td>+/- 15</td>
<td>+/- 23</td>
<td>+/- 35</td>
<td>+/- 45</td>
<td>+/- 60</td>
<td>+/- 70</td>
<td>+/- 90</td>
<td>+/- 100</td>
<td>+/- 115</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n1</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>n102</td>
<td>+/- 10</td>
<td>+/- 20</td>
<td>+/- 30</td>
<td>+/- 40</td>
<td>+/- 50</td>
<td>+/- 60</td>
<td>+/- 80</td>
<td></td>
<td>+/- 100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n7</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>n46</td>
<td>+/- 10</td>
<td>+/- 20</td>
<td>+/- 30</td>
<td>+/- 40</td>
<td>+/- 50</td>
<td>+/- 60</td>
<td>+/- 80</td>
<td></td>
<td>+/- 100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n25</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>n46</td>
<td>+/- 15</td>
<td>+/- 23</td>
<td>+/- 35</td>
<td>+/- 45</td>
<td>+/- 60</td>
<td>+/- 70</td>
<td>+/- 90</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n48</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>n96</td>
<td>+/- 10</td>
<td>+/- 20</td>
<td>+/- 30</td>
<td>+/- 40</td>
<td></td>
<td>+/- 60</td>
<td>+/- 80</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n66</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>n46</td>
<td>+/- 15</td>
<td>+/- 23</td>
<td>+/- 35</td>
<td>+/- 45</td>
<td>+/- 60</td>
<td>+/- 70</td>
<td>+/- 90</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Even though UL harmonic does not fall directly into NR-U band the exclusion region still applies.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: The center of the exclusion region is obtained by multiplying the UL channel center frequency by the harmonic order.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 7.3A.4-2: Void

For a PC2 aggressor NR UL band for NR DL CA FR1, the maximum amount of
REFSENS degradation is specified in Table 7.3A.4-2a.

Table 7.3A.4-2a: Reference sensitivity exceptions and uplink/downlink
configurations due to UL harmonic from a PC2 aggressor NR UL band for NR
DL CA FR1

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>UL band</th>
<th>DL band</th>
<th>UL BW</th>
<th>SCS of UL band</th>
<th>UL RB Allocation</th>
<th>DL BW</th>
<th><p><strong>MSD</strong></p>
<p>(NOTE 7)</p></th>
<th><p><strong>MSD</strong></p>
<p>(NOTE 8)</p></th>
<th>UL/DL fc condition</th>
<th>UL/DL harmonic order</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(kHz)</td>
<td>L<sub>CRB</sub></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(dB)</td>
<td>(dB)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n3</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>12</strong></td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>27.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>32.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 2</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL2/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n3</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>12</strong></td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>16.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>20.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 2</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL2/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n8</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>8</strong></td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>15.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 3</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL3/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n8</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>8</strong></td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>6.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>9.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 3</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL3/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n8</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>14.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>19</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 5</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL5/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n8</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>6.2</strong></td>
<td><strong>8.4</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 5</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL5/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n25</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>12</strong></td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>26.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>31.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 2</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL2/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n25</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>12</strong></td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>16.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>20.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 2</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL2/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n66</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>12</strong></td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>26.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>31.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 2</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL2/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n66</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>12</strong></td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>16.7</strong></td>
<td><strong>20.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 2</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL2/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n25<sup>10,11</sup></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>8</strong></td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>9.4</strong></td>
<td><strong>12.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 3</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL3/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>6</strong></td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>13.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>17.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 4</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL4/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>6</strong></td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>5.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>6.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 4</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL4/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>13.2</strong></td>
<td><strong>17.4</strong></td>
<td><strong>NOTE 5</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>UL5/DL1</strong></p>
<p><strong>direct-hit</strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 2: The requirements should be verified for UL NR-ARFCN of the aggressor (lower) band (superscript LB) such that in MHz and with carrier frequency in the victim (higher) band in MHz and the channel bandwidth configured in the lower band.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: The requirements should be verified for UL NR ARFCN of the aggressor (lower) band (superscript LB) such that in MHz and with the carrier frequency in the victim (higher) band in MHz and the channel bandwidth configured in the low band.</p>
<p>NOTE 4: The requirements should be verified for UL NR-ARFCN of the aggressor (lower) band (superscript LB) such that in MHz and with<img src="./media/image5.wmf" style="width:0.27083in;height:0.21875in" /> carrier frequency in the victim (higher) band in MHz and <img src="./media/image6.wmf" style="width:0.46875in;height:0.20833in" /> the channel bandwidth configured in the lower band.</p>
<p>NOTE 5: The requirements should be verified for UL NR-ARFCN of the aggressor (lower) band (superscript LB) such that in MHz and with<img src="./media/image5.wmf" style="width:0.27083in;height:0.21875in" /> carrier frequency in the victim (higher) band in MHz and <img src="./media/image6.wmf" style="width:0.46875in;height:0.20833in" /> the channel bandwidth configured in the lower band.</p>
<p>NOTE 6: The near-miss requirements are only applicable when direct-hit requirements do not apply. These requirements should be verified for downlink channel bandwidths no larger than 10 MHz and with a carrier frequency at <span class="math inline"> ± (10+<em>B</em><em>W</em><sub><em>C</em><em>h</em>annel</sub><sup>HB</sup>/2)</span> MHz offset from in the victim (higher band) with , where<img src="./media/image6.wmf" style="width:0.46875in;height:0.20833in" />andare the channel bandwidths configured in the aggressor (lower) and victim (higher) bands in MHz, respectively.</p>
<p>NOTE 7: Applicable to UEs supporting PC2 with 1Tx.</p>
<p>NOTE 8: Applicable to UEs supporting PC2 with 2Tx.</p>
<p>NOTE 9: These requirements apply when the upper edge frequency of the 5 MHz uplink channel in Band n71 is located at 668 MHz and the downlink channel in Band n25 is located with its upper edge at 1995 MHz.</p>
<p>NOTE 10: The direct-hit requirements apply when there is at least one individual RE within the uplink transmission bandwidth of the aggressor (lower) band for which the 2<sup>nd</sup> / 3<sup>rd</sup> / 4<sup>th</sup> / 5<sup>th</sup> transmitter harmonic is within the downlink transmission bandwidth of a victim (higher) band. The requirements should be verified using RBstart = floor((N<sub>RB</sub>-L<sub>CRB</sub>)/2), where floor(x) is the greatest integer less than or equal to x, and where the UL parameters N<sub>RB</sub> and L<sub>CRB</sub> are respectively, the transmission bandwidth configuration and the number of RB’s for the specified UL band channel bandwidth and the UL band subcarrier spacing.</p>
<p>NOTE 11: Void.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 7.3A.4-2b: Void

Table 7.3A.4-3: Void

Table 7.3A.4-3a: Void

Sensitivity degradation is allowed for different combinations of UL
configurations and DL channel bandwidths if a band is impacted by
receiver harmonic mixing due to another band part which belongs to PC3
NR band or PC2 NR band of the same CA configuration. Reference
sensitivity exceptions and uplink/downlink configurations due to
harmonic mixing from a PC3 aggressor NR UL band for either PC3 or PC2 CA
are specified in Table 7.3A.4-4 and from a PC2 aggressor NR UL band for
PC2 CA are specified in Table 7.3A.4-4a.For these exceptions, only the
listed test points in Table 7.3A.4-4, Table 7.3A.4-4a and Table
7.3A.4-4b are needed to be tested. Sensitivity degradation is not
required for receiver even order harmonic mixing with aggressor 3rd
order and above harmonic interference.

Table 7.3A.4-4: Reference sensitivity exceptions and uplink/downlink
configurations due to harmonic mixing from a PC3 aggressor NR UL band
for DL NR CA FR1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| UL    | DL    | UL BW | SCS   | UL RB | DL BW | MSD   | UL/DL | UL/DL |
| band  | band  |       | of UL | Alloc |       |       | fc    | har   |
|       |       |       | band  | ation |       |       | cond  | monic |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ition | order |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       | (MHz) | (kHz) | L     | (MHz) | (dB)  |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~CRB~ |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n1    | n1    | 5     | 15    | 25    | 5     | 26.8  | NOTE  | UL    |
|       | 05^3^ |       |       |       |       |       | 4     | 1/DL3 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n2    | n     | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       | 71^3^ |       | *15** | *25** |       | 6.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n2    | n     | **5** | *     | *     | 20    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       | 71^3^ |       | *15** | *25** |       | 5.6** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n3    | n5    | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **4** | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n3    | n26   | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *25** |       | 3.7** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n7    | n     | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **    | NOTE  | **UL1 |
|       | 26^3^ |       | *15** | *25** |       | 2.0** | 10    | /DL3\ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Near  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | m     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | iss** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n7    | n71   | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *25** |       | 5.7** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n25   | n41   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 1.3** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n25   | n     | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       | 71^3^ |       | *15** | *25** |       | 6.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n25   | n     | **5** | *     | *     | 20    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       | 71^3^ |       | *15** | *25** |       | 5.6** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n39   | n41   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 9.3** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n39   | n41   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.2** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n40   | n     | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       | 20^3^ | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 7.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n40   | n     | *     | *     | *     | 20    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       | 20^3^ | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.6** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n40   | n     | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **3   | *     | *     |
|       | 28^3^ | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 7.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n40   | n     | *     | *     | *     | 20    | **3   | *     | *     |
|       | 28^3^ | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.1** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n5^3^ | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 4.3** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n     | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       | 18^3^ | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 6.3** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n     | *     | *     | *     | 15    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       | 18^3^ | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 1.3** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n39   | *     | *     | **8** | 5     | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       | 4.3** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 12**  | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n39   | *     | *     | **8** | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 12**  | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n48   | *     | *     | **6** | 5     | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       | 2.3** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n48   | *     | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       | 2.3** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n77   | *     | *     | **6** | 10    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       | 8.9** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n77   | *     | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       | 2.1** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n78   | *     | *     | **6** | 10    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       | 9.3** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n78   | *     | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       | 2.3** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n7    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.9** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n7    | *     | *     | *     | 50    | **1** | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n48   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *12** |       | 6.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n48   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *12** |       | 3.5** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n77   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | NOTE  | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *12** |       | 0.6** | 2     | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n77   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | NOTE  | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *12** |       | 0.6** | 2     | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n78   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *12** |       | 1.1** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n78   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *12** |       | 1.1** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n48   | n12   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 31    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n48   | n12   | *     | *     | *     | 15    | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | *18** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n48   | n26   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 5.4   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n48   | n26   | *     | *     | *     | 20    | **1** | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n48   | n29   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 31    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n48   | n29   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 7.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n2    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 6.7   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n2    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 2.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 5.7   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | 2.2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n5    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 5.7   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n5    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n7    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 14.7  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n7    | *     | *     | *     | 50    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 2.2** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n8    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 5.7** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n8    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n12   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 31    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n12   | *     | *     | *     | 15    | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | *18** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n13   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 31    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n13   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 7.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n14   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 31    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n14   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 7.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n25   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 5.6   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n25   | *     | *     | *     | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.3** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n26   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 5.4   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n28   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 31    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n28   | *     | *     | *     | 30    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 1.4** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n     | n29   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 31    | *     | *     |
| 77^6^ |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n     | n29   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
| 77^6^ |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 7.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n30   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 10.4  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n30   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 7.6** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 11.7  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 3.6** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n41   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 11.7  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n41   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 3.6** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n     | n70   | **    | **    | **    | N/A   | **    | *     | *     |
| 77^6^ |       | N/A** | N/A** | N/A** |       | N/A** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n85   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 31    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n85   | *     | *     | *     | 15    | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | *18** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n2    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 6.7   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n2    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | 2.8   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 5.7   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | 2.2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n5    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 5.7   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n8    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 5.7   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n12   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | *31** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n26   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 5.4   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n28   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 31    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 11.7  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 3.6** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n41   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 11.7  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n41   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 3.6** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n67   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 31    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n67   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 7.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n79   | n5    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 7.5** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n79   | n8    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | *25** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n96   | n48   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *25** |       | *31** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n96   | n48   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *25** |       | 7.5** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n102  | n1^3^ | *     | *     | *     | 5     | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *25** |       | *30** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n104  | n78   | 20    | 15    | 25    | 10    | 29    | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7     | 1/DL2 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n104  | n78   | 20    | 15    | 25    | 100   | 18.8  | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7     | 1/DL2 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| V     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{D |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| L}}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {LB}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  = \l |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eft\l |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }/0.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5 \ri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ght\r |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  0.1$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $f    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{BW} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{Ch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| These |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is at |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| least |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| one   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| indiv |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3^rd^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| har   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| monic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| adj   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| acent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| chann |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| el\'s |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of an |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2916 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![](. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /medi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a/ima |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ge12. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wmf){ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 26041 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $f    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{BW} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{Ch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12 of |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.2-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2916 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![](. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /medi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a/ima |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ge12. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wmf){ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 26041 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2916 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![](. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /medi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a/ima |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ge12. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wmf){ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 26041 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $f    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{DL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| = \le |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ft\lf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| loor  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{U |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| L}}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {LB}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /0.75 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \rig |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ht\rf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| loor$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ${    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| F_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{U |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| L}\_  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| low}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {LB}  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| + \te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{BW |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hanne |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| l}}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {LB}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /2 \l |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eq f} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{UL} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{LB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  high |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{LB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{LB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $f    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{BW} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{Ch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 10:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| l     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| owest |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aff   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ected |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ghest |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ith![ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ](./m |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edia/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2604 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 16666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heig  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ht="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2187 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| !     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| [](./ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| media |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /imag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| e6.wm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f){wi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dth=" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0.468 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 75in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 08333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 13:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| using |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| start |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| =     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ((NRB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -LCRB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| )/2), |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| flo   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or(x) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gre   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atest |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| teger |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| less  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to x, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NRB   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LCRB  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pecti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| vely, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB's  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| subca |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 7.3A.4-4a-1: Reference sensitivity exceptions and uplink/downlink
configurations due to harmonic mixing from a PC2 aggressor NR UL band
for NR DL CA FR1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| **UL  | **DL  | **UL  | **SCS | **UL  | **DL  | **    | **    | **    |
| b     | b     | BW**  | of UL | RB    | BW**  | MSD** | UL/DL | UL/DL |
| and** | and** |       | b     | Al    |       |       | fc    | har   |
|       |       |       | and** | locat |       |       | c     | monic |
|       |       |       |       | ion** |       |       | ondit | or    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ion** | der** |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       | **(M  | **(k  | **L~C | **(M  | **(   |       |       |
|       |       | Hz)** | Hz)** | RB~** | Hz)** | dB)** |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n25   | n41   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | 2.    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2^13^ | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL3** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 3.    |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2^14^ |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n25   | n     | **5** | *     | *     | 5     | 29.   | *     | *     |
|       | 71^3^ |       | *15** | *25** |       | 5^13^ | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL3** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 34.   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 5^14^ |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n25   | n     | **5** | *     | *     | 20    | 18.   | *     | *     |
|       | 71^3^ |       | *15** | *25** |       | 2^13^ | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL3** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 23.   |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 3^14^ |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n39   | n41   | 5     | 15    | 6     | 5     | 10.6  | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8     | 4/DL3 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n39   | n41   | 5     | 15    | 6     | 100   | 4.9   | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8     | 4/DL3 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n40   | n28   | 10    | 15    | 25    | 5     | 40.8  | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7     | 1/DL3 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n40   | n28   | 10    | 15    | 25    | 20    | 33.3  | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7     | 1/DL3 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n     | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       | 18^6^ | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 9.3** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n     | *     | *     | *     | 15    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       | 18^6^ | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 4.3** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n39   | *     | *     | **8** | 5     | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       | 6.1** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n39   | *     | *     | **8** | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       | 1.5** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 9**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n77   | *     | *     | **6** | 10    | 11.6  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       |       | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n77   | *     | *     | **6** | 100   | 3.6   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       |       | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n78   | *     | *     | **6** | 10    | 12.1  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       |       | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n78   | *     | *     | **6** | 100   | 3.8   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       |       | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n2    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 9.2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n2    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 4.4** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 8.1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n5    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 8.1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n5    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | 1.5   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n7    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 17.7  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n7    | *     | *     | *     | 50    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 3.6** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n8    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 8.1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n8    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | 1.5   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n12   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 34    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n12   | *     | *     | *     | 15    | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | *21** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n13   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 34    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n13   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 30.8  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n14   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 34    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n14   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | **3   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n25   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 7.9   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n25   | *     | *     | *     | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.5** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n28   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 34    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n28   | *     | *     | *     | 30    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 4.1** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n     | n29   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 34    | *     | *     |
| 77^2^ |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n     | n29   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | **3   | *     | *     |
| 77^2^ |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n30   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 13.2  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n30   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 10.2  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 14.5  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 5.5** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n41   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 14.5  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n41   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 5.5** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n     | n70   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | NOTE  | UL    |
| 77^2^ |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4     | 1/DL2 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n85   | 10    | 15    | 25    | 5     | 34    | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1     | 1/DL5 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n85   | 10    | 15    | 25    | 15    | 21    | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1     | 1/DL5 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 8.1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n5    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 8.1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n5    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | 1.5   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n8    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 8.1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n8    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | 1.5   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n26   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 8.1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n28   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 34    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n28   | 10    | *     | *     | 30    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *25** |       | 1.3** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 14.5  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 5.5** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n79   | n8    | 10    | 15    | 25    | 5     | 28.0  | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1     | 1/DL5 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $f    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{BW} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{Ch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12 of |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.2-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TS    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 38.   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 101-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| V     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{D |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| L}}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {LB}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  = \l |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eft\l |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }/0.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5 \ri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ght\r |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  0.1$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $f    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{BW} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{Ch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ${F_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {UL}\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _ low |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}} + |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{BW} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{Ch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 \le |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| q f}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {UL}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {HB}  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \leq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| F_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{U |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| L}\_  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| high} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} -  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $with |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2916 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![](. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /medi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a/ima |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ge12. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wmf){ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 26041 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nd$\  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2916 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![](. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /medi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a/ima |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ge12. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wmf){ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 26041 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *NOTE |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| These |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is at |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| least |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| one   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| indiv |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3^rd^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| har   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| monic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| adj   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| acent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| chann |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| el\'s |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of an |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ba    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nd.** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *NOTE |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $\    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| **w   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ith** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2916 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| **the |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![](. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /medi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a/ima |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ge12. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wmf){ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 26041 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| **the |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ba    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nd.** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ith![ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ](./m |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edia/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2604 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 16666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heig  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ht="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2187 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ](./m |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edia/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .4530 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 56649 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 16885 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 39in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 01358 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 26771 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 65354 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ith![ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ](./m |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edia/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2604 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 16666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heig  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ht="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2187 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .wmf) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {widt |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 36087 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 05161 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 85476 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 83in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 60387 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 13910 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 76115 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *NOTE |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 10:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| V     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oid** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| using |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| start |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| =     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ((NRB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -LCRB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| )/2), |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| flo   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or(x) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gre   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atest |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| teger |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| less  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to x, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NRB   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LCRB  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pecti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| vely, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB's  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| subca |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *NOTE |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 13:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE's  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| suppo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rting |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PC2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1Tx** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| *NOTE |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 14:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE's  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| suppo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rting |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PC2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2Tx** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 7.3A.4-4a-2: Void

Table 7.3A.4-4b: Reference sensitivity exceptions and uplink/downlink
configurations due to harmonic mixing from a PC1.5 aggressor NR UL band
for NR DL CA FR1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| UL    | DL    | UL BW | SCS   | UL RB | DL BW | MSD   | UL/DL | UL/DL |
| band  | band  |       | of UL | Alloc |       |       | fc    | har   |
|       |       |       | band  | ation |       |       | cond  | monic |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ition | order |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       | (MHz) | (kHz) | L     | (MHz) | (dB)  |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~CRB~ |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n40   | n28   | 10    | 15    | 25    | 5     | 43.8  | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7     | 1/DL3 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n40   | n28   | 10    | 15    | 25    | 20    | 36.3  | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7     | 1/DL3 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n39   | 10    | 15    | 8     | 5     | 10.5  | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6     | 3/DL4 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n39   | 10    | 15    | 8     | 40    | 3.0   | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 6     | 3/DL4 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n77   | *     | *     | **6** | 10    | 14.5  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       |       | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n77   | *     | *     | **6** | 100   | 5.5   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       |       | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n78   | *     | *     | **6** | 10    | 14.9  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       |       | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n41   | n78   | *     | *     | **6** | 100   | 5.8   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** |       |       |       | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 8**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n2    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 11.8  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n2    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | 6.5   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 10.7  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 1.4** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n5    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 10.7  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n5    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | 2.6   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n7    | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 17.5  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n7    | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 5.5** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n12   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 37    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n12   | *     | *     | *     | 15    | 24    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n13   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 37    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n13   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 33.8  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n14   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 37    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n14   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 33.8  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n25   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 10.6  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n25   | *     | *     | *     | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n28   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 37    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n28   | *     | *     | *     | 30    | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | *17** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n     | n29   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 37    | *     | *     |
| 77^2^ |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n     | n29   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 33.8  | *     | *     |
| 77^2^ |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n30   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 16.1  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n30   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 13    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 17.5  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 7.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n41   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 17.5  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n41   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 7.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n     | n70   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | NOTE  | UL    |
| 77^2^ |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4     | 1/DL2 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n85   | 10    | 15    | 25    | 5     | 37    | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1     | 1/DL5 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n77   | n85   | 10    | 15    | 25    | 15    | 24    | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1     | 1/DL5 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | 10.7  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n3    | *     | *     | *     | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 1.4** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n8    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.6** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n8    | *     | *     | *     | 20    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 2.6** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n26   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | 0.1** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL4** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n28   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | *37** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n28   | *     | *     | *     | 30    | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *25** |       | *17** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1**   | DL5** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | 17.5  | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       |       | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n78   | n40   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *10** | *15** | *12** |       | 7.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n79   | n8    | 10    | 15    | 25    | 5     | 31.0  | NOTE  | UL    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 1     | 1/DL5 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $f    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{BW} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{Ch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12 of |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.2-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TS    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 38.   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 101-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| V     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{D |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| L}}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {LB}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  = \l |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eft\l |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }/0.1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5 \ri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ght\r |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  0.1$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $f    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{BW} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{Ch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2916 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![](. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /medi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a/ima |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ge12. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wmf){ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 26041 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2916 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![](. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /medi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a/ima |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ge12. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wmf){ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 26041 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ith![ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ](./m |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| edia/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| image |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2604 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 16666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heig  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ht="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2187 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| !     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| [](./ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| media |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /imag |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| e6.wm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f){wi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dth=" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0.468 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 75in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 08333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 33333 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2916 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![](. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /medi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a/ima |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ge12. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wmf){ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 26041 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $f    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{DL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| = \le |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ft\lf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| loor  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{U |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| L}}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {LB}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /0.75 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \rig |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ht\rf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| loor$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ${    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| F_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{U |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| L}\_  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| low}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {LB}  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| + \te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{BW |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hanne |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| l}}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {LB}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /2 \l |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eq f} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{UL} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{LB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  high |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{LB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{LB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $f    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{BW} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{Ch |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB}}$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| using |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| start |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| =     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ((NRB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -LCRB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| )/2), |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| flo   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or(x) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gre   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atest |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| teger |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| less  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to x, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NRB   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LCRB  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pecti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| vely, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB's  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| subca |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

The reference sensitivity for the shared access band does not apply when
there is at least one individual RE within the shared access downlink
transmission bandwidth which falls into the reference sensitivity
exclusion region as specified in Table 7.3A.4-1c.

Table 7.3A.4-4c: NR-U reference sensitivity measurement exclusion region
in MHz.

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>NR Band / Harmonic order / Channel BW (MHz) in UL</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>UL</p>
<p>Band</p></td>
<td><p>UL/DL</p>
<p>Harmonic</p>
<p>Order</p></td>
<td><p>DL</p>
<p>Band</p></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>UL3/DL2</td>
<td>n46</td>
<td></td>
<td>+/-23</td>
<td>+/-35</td>
<td>+/-45</td>
<td>+/-60</td>
<td>+/-70</td>
<td>+/-90</td>
<td>+/-115</td>
<td>+/-140</td>
<td>+/-160</td>
<td>+/-180</td>
<td>+/-210</td>
<td>+/-230</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78</td>
<td>UL3/DL2</td>
<td>n46</td>
<td></td>
<td>+/-23</td>
<td>+/-35</td>
<td>+/-45</td>
<td>+/-60</td>
<td>+/-70</td>
<td>+/-90</td>
<td>+/-115</td>
<td>+/-140</td>
<td>+/-160</td>
<td>+/-180</td>
<td>+/-210</td>
<td>+/-230</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Even though UL harmonic does not fall directly into NR-U band the exclusion region still applies.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: The center of the exclusion region is obtained by multiplying the UL channel center frequency by the ratio of the UL harmonic order over the DL harmonic order.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 7.3A.4-4d: Reference sensitivity exceptions and uplink/downlink
configurations due to harmonic mixing from a power class 5 aggressor NR
UL band for NR DL CA FR1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| UL    | DL    | UL BW | SCS   | UL RB | DL BW | MSD   | UL/DL | UL/DL |
| band  | band  |       | of UL | Alloc |       |       | fc    | har   |
|       |       |       | band  | ation |       |       | cond  | monic |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ition | order |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       | (MHz) | (kHz) | L     | (MHz) | (dB)  |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~CRB~ |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n7    | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *25** |       | 8.3** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n7    | *     | *     | *     | 30    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *25** |       | 2.8** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 7**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n48   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n48   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *12** |       | 0.7** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n78   | *     | *     | *     | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *12** |       | 8.1** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n46   | n78   | *     | *     | *     | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *12** |       | 8.4** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL3** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n96   | n48   | *     | *     | *     | 5     | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *25** |       | *28** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n96   | n48   | *     | *     | *     | 15    | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       | *20** | *15** | *25** |       | *23** | *NOTE | *UL1/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL2** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| high) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ${    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| F_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{U |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| L}\_  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| low}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {LB}  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| + \te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{BW |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }_{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hanne |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| l}}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {LB}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /2 \l |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eq f} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{UL} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{LB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  high |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{LB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{LB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| These |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is at |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| least |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| one   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| indiv |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3^rd^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| har   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| monic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| adj   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| acent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| chan  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel's |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of an |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {F_{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}\_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  low} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }} +  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {BW}_ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{Cha |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnel} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }^{\t |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ext{H |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B}}/2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \leq |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  f}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL}^{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB} \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| leq F |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{UL |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }\_ h |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igh}^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {\tex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t{HB} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| } - \ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW}_{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \text |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {Chan |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nel}} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ^{\te |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xt{HB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}/2$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.wmf |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ){wid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th="0 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2916 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 67in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![](. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /medi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a/ima |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ge12. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wmf){ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 26041 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| using |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| start |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| =     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ((NRB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -LCRB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| )/2), |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| flo   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or(x) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gre   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atest |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| teger |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| less  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to x, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NRB   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LCRB  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pecti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| vely, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB's  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| subca |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 7.3A.4-5: Void

### 7.3A.5 Reference sensitivity exceptions due to intermodulation interference due to 2UL CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation with uplink assigned to two CCs from
up to two UL NR bands and three CCs from two UL NR bands given in Table
7.3A.5-1, Table 7.3A.5-1a, Table 7.3A.5-1b, Table 7.3A.5-2 and Table
7.3A.5-2a the reference sensitivity is defined only for the specific
uplink and downlink test points specified in Table 7.3A.5-1, Table
7.3A.5-1a, Table 7.3A.5-1b, Table 7.3A.5-2 and Table 7.3A.5-2a. For
these test points the reference sensitivity requirement specified in
Table 7.3.2-1a, Table 7.3.2-1b, Table 7.3.2-2 and Table 7.3.2-2a are
relaxed by the amount of the corresponding parameter MSD given in Table
7.3A.5-1, Table 7.3A.5-1a, Table 7.3A.5-1b, Table 7.3A.5-2 and Table
7.3A.5-2a.

Table 7.3A.5-1: 2DL/2UL inter-band Reference sensitivity QPSK P~REFSENS~
and uplink/downlink configurations for PC3 CA

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Band  | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     | ource |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ch    | of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel | IMD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| N~RB~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| D     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uplex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| NR CA | NR    | UL    | UL/DL | UL\   | DL    | MSD\  | D     |       |
| band  | band  | F~c~\ | BW\   | L     | F~c~  | (dB)  | uplex |       |
| c     |       | (MHz) | (MHz) | ~CRB~ | (MHz) |       | mode  |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | 23    | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n1-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 1855  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1965  | 5     | 25    | 2155  | 6.0   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| n1-n8 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 887.5 | 5     | 25    | 932.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | 5     | FDD   | IMD5  |
| 1-n46 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | 5660  | 20    | 100   | 5660  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | 29.8  | FDD   | IM    |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4090  | 10    | 50    | 4090  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | 8.0   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3710  | 10    | 50    | 3710  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2130  | 17    | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5^16^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3310  | 10    | 1     | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3900  | 10    | 1     | 3900  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | 8.0   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3710  | 10    | 50    | 3710  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 1.7   | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 167.5 |       |       | 7^17^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3305  | 10    | 1     | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3675  | 10    | 1     | 3675  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=44) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n1    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | 13    | FDD   | IMD3  |
| A\_n1 |       | 922.5 |       |       | 112.5 |       |       |       |
| -n102 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | 5     | 20    | 100   | 5     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 957.5 |       |       | 957.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n1    | 1958  | 5     | 25    | 2148  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 673   | 5     | 25    | 622   | 15.1  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n2    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | 12    | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 2-n48 |       | 852.5 |       |       | 932.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | 3625  | 20    | 100   | 3625  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n2    | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | 20    | FDD   | IMD3  |
| 2-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 2175  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 883.3 |       |       | 963.3 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1750  | 5     | 25    | 2150  | 4     | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n2    | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | 26    | FDD   | IMD2  |
| 2-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | 8.0   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1885  | 5     | 25    | 1965  | 5     | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3810  | 10    | 50    | 3810  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 2.7   | FDD   | IMD7  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 987.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3455  | 10    | 1     | 3455  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=10) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3945  | 10    | 1     | 3945  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n2    | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | 26    | FDD   | IM    |
| 2-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1771  | 10    | 50    | 1866  | 4     | FDD   | IMD4  |
| n3-n5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 838   | 5     | 25    | 883   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1721  | 10    | 50    | 1816  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 838   | 5     | 25    | 883   | 24    | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^3^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2535  | 10    | 50    | 2655  | 10.2  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1755  | 10    | 50    | 1850  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n8 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 900   | 5     | 25    | 945   | 8     | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1     | 10    | 50    | 1     | 6.4   | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       | 747.5 |       |       | 842.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 897.5 | 5     | 25    | 942.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n3    | 1731  | 5     | 25    | 1826  | 4     | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 3-n18 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 818   | 5     | 25    | 863   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n3    | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 1870  | 4     | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 3-n20 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 840   | 5     | 25    | 799   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1735  | 5     | 25    | 1830  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 847   | 5     | 25    | 806   | 9     | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n3    | 1771  | 5     | 25    | 1866  | 4     | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 3-n26 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 838   | 5     | 25    | 883   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1721  | 5     | 25    | 1816  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 838   | 5     | 25    | 883   | 26    | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n3    | 1713  | 5     | 25    | 1808  | 8.2   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 3-n38 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n38   | 2617  | 5     | 25    | 2617  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n3    | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 1835  | 8.2   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 3-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2     | 10    | 50    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 657.5 |       |       | 657.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 877.5 |       |       | 9^14^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2545  | 60    | 1     | 2545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 0)    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2625  | 100   | 1     | 2625  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 272)  |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | 15.3  | FDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       | 747.5 |       | (     | 842.5 |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 0)    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2560  | 60    | 1     | 2560  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 30)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2620  | 60    | 1     | 2620  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 127)  |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n3    | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 1835  | 26    | FDD   | IM    |
| 3-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3575  | 10    | 50    | 3575  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1765  | 5     | 25    | 1860  | 8.0   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3435  | 10    | 50    | 3435  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^7^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 2.2   | FDD   | IMD7  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 877.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3     | 10    | 1     | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ | 427.5 |       | (RB~  | 427.5 |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=10) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3945  | 10    | 1     | 3945  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n3    | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 1835  | 26    | FDD   | IM    |
| 3-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3575  | 10    | 25    | 3575  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1765  | 5     | 25    | 1860  | 8.0   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3435  | 10    | 25    | 3435  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 2.2   | FDD   | IMD7  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 877.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3305  | 10    | 1     | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=3) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3780  | 10    | 1     | 3780  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 834   | 5     | 25    | 879   | 12    | FDD   | IM    |
| n5-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2547  | 10    | 50    | 2667  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | 829   | 10    | 10    | 874   | N/    | FDD   | N/A   |
| 5-n12 |       |       |       | (RB   |       | A^18^ |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 838.9 | 10    | 10    | 883.9 |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=36) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 743.5 | 20.8  | FDD   | IMD11 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | 828   | 5     | 25    | 873   | 25    | FDD   | IMD3  |
| 5-n13 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n13   | 783   | 5     | 25    | 752   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | 836   | 5     | 25    | 881   | 25    | FDD   | IM    |
| 5-n14 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 791   | 5     | 25    | 761   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 826.5 | 5     | 25    | 871.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 795.5 | 5     | 25    | 765.5 | 25    | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 829   | 10    | 10    | 874   | N/    | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       | A^18^ |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 838.9 | 10    | 10    | 883.9 |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=28) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 765.5 | 26.2  | FDD   | IMD9  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | 829   | 10    | 10    | 874   | N/    | FDD   | N/A   |
| 5-n29 |       |       |       | (RB   |       | A^18^ |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 838.9 | 10    | 10    | 883.9 |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=36) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n29   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 725.5 | 16.0  | FDD   | IMD13 |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n5    | 839   | 5     | 25    | 884   | 15.6  | FDD   | IM    |
| A\_n5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^3^ |
| \_n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2562  | 10    | 50    | 2562  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | 838   | 5     | 25    | 883   | 30    | FDD   | IM    |
| 5-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1721  | 5     | 25    | 2121  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | IM    |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^7^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | 8.3   | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^13^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3421  | 10    | 50    | 3421  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 829   | 5     | 25    | 874   | 5.5   | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5^13^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4190  | 10    | 50    | 4190  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3410  | 10    | 1     | 3410  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3850  | 10    | 1     | 3850  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | 8.3   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 5-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3421  | 10    | 50    | 3421  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^17^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3340  | 10    | 1     | 3340  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3780  | 10    | 1     | 3780  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | 2512  | 5     | 50    | 2632  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 7-n20 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 851   | 5     | 25    | 810   | 12    | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | 2556  | 5     | 25    | 2676  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 7-n26 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 837   | 5     | 25    | 882   | 16.0  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | 2.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       | 567.5 |       |       | 687.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 816.5 | 5     | 25    | 861.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | 2510  | 5     | 25    | 2630  | 23    | FDD   | IMD3  |
| 7-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2390  | 5     | 25    | 2390  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | 2550  | 10    | 50    | 2670  | 26.8  | FDD   | IM    |
| 7-n46 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | 5220  | 20    | 100   | 5220  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | 2535  | 10    | 50    | 2655  | 15    | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 7-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 2130  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | 2540  | 5     | 25    | 2660  | 7.1   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 7-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3870  | 10    | 50    | 3870  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 15    | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 687.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3455  | 10    | 1     | 3455  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3835  | 10    | 1     | 3835  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=7) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2650  | 15    | FDD   | IMD5  |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3350  | 10    | 1     | 3350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3700  | 10    | 1     | 3700  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n8    | 890.5 | 5     | 25    | 935.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 8-n20 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 849.5 | 5     | 25    | 808.5 | 25    | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 892.5 | 5     | 25    | 937.5 | 25    | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 847.5 | 5     | 25    | 806.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n8    | 882.5 | 5     | 25    | 927.5 | 12.1  | FDD   | IM    |
| 8-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2685  | 10    | 50    | 2685  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n8    | 897.5 | 5     | 25    | 942.5 | 8.3   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3635  | 10    | 50    | 3635  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n8    | 897.5 | 5     | 25    | 942.5 | 8.3   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3635  | 10    | 50    | 3635  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n8    | 897.5 | 5     | 25    | 942.5 | 4.8   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| 8-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4     | 40    | 216   | 4     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 532.5 |       |       | 532.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n12   | 707.5 | 5     | 25    | 737.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1765  | 5     | 25    | 2115  | 5.0   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n12   | 702   | 5     | 20    | 732   | 5.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n12   | 710   | 5     | 25    | 740   | 5.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3580  | 10    | 50    | 3580  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n13   | 782   | 5     | 20    | 751   | 5.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3880  | 10    | 50    | 3880  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n14   | 793   | 5     | 20    | 763   | 5.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3935  | 10    | 50    | 3935  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | 15.6  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2505  | 5     | 25    | 2505  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n18   | 827.5 | 5     | 25    | 872.5 | 8.4   | FDD   | IM    |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^8^ |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3355  | 10    | 50    | 3355  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 817.5 | 5     | 25    | 862.5 | 4.5   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^8^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4130  | 10    | 50    | 4130  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n18   | 827.5 | 5     | 25    | 872.5 | 8.3   | FDD   | IM    |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^9^ |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3355  | 10    | 50    | 3355  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n20   | 850   | 5     | 25    | 809   | 11    | FDD   | IMD4  |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3359  | 10    | 50    | 3359  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 800   | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^15^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3350  | 10    | 1     | 3350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3750  | 10    | 1     | 3750  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n24   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | IMD   |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^10^ |
| 4-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 8.5   | FDD   | IMD7  |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       | 992.5 |       |       |       |
| 5-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2545  | 90    | 1     | 2545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2640  | 100   | 1     | 2640  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~S |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | TART~ |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | =221) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n25   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | 12    | FDD   | IMD4  |
| A\_n2 |       | 852.5 |       |       | 932.5 |       |       |       |
| 5-n48 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | 3625  | 20    | 100   | 3625  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n25   | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | 20    | FDD   | IMD3  |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 2175  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 912.5 |       |       | 992.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | 23    | FDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       | 712.5 |       |       | 112.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 883.3 |       |       | 963.3 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1750  | 5     | 25    | 2150  | 4     | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n25   | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | 26    | FDD   | IMD2  |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | 8.0   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3690  | 10    | 50    | 3690  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1885  | 5     | 25    | 1965  | 5     | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 2.7   | FDD   | IMD7  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 987.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3455  | 10    | 1     | 3455  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=10) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3945  | 10    | 1     | 3945  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n25   | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | 26    | FDD   | IM    |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
| 5-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1980  | 2.7   | FDD   | IMD7  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3315  | 10    | 1     | 3315  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=7) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3760  | 10    | 1     | 3760  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n26   | 838   | 5     | 25    | 883   | 30    | FDD   | IM    |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
| 6-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1721  | 5     | 25    | 2121  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n26   | 831   | 5     | 25    | 876   | 30    | FDD   | IM    |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
| 6-n70 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 707.5 |       |       | 007.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n26   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | IMD   |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^13^ |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5^13^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n26   | 836.5 | 5     | 25    | 881.5 | 11.1  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3391  | 10    | 50    | 3391  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 824   | 5     | 12    | 869   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 839   | 5     | 12    | 884   |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3336  | 11.1  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n28   | 730   | 10    | 50    | 775   | 15.3  | FDD   | IMD2  |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n50 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n50   | 1500  | 10    | 50    | 1500  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 740   | 10    | 50    | 785   | 6.0   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n50   | 1500  | 10    | 50    | 1500  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n28   | 705.5 | 5     | 25    | 760.5 | 24.6  | FDD   | IMD2  |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n74 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n74   | 1466  | 5     | 25    | 1514  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 743   | 5     | 25    | 798   | 11.3  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n74   | 1431  | 5     | 25    | 1479  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 709   | 5     | 25    | 764   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n74   | 1466  | 5     | 25    | 1514  | 14.6  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 735.5 | 5     | 25    | 790.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n74   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | 2.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       | 450.4 |       |       | 498.4 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n28   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | IM    |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^7^ |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 705.5 | 5     | 25    | 760.5 | 5.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 582.5 |       |       | 582.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 780   | 8.5   | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^15^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3510  | 10    | 1     | 3510  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3900  | 10    | 1     | 3900  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 705.5 | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3455  | 10    | 1     | 3455  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=17) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3805  | 10    | 1     | 3805  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n28   | 705.5 | 5     | 25    | 760.5 | 5.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 582.5 |       |       | 582.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | 8.0   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| A\_n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 487.5 |       |       | 487.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 3.2   | FDD   | IMD7  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 352.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3455  | 10    | 1     | 3455  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=17) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3825  | 10    | 1     | 3825  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n41   | 2545  | 90    | 1     | 2545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n66 |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2640  | 100   | 1     | 2640  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~S |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | TART~ |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | =171) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 32.5  | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 197.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n41   | 2614  | 5     | 25    | 2614  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n71 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 665   | 5     | 25    | 619   | 11    | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n41   | 2545  | 60    | 1     | 2545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2625  | 100   | 1     | 2625  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~S |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | TART~ |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | =272) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3305  | 2.7   | TDD   | IMD9  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2565  | 17    | TDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5^16^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3485  | 10    | 1     | 3485  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3945  | 10    | 1     | 3945  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n46   | N/A   | 20    | N/A   | 5155  | N/A   | TDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3385  | 10    | 1     | 3385  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 25)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3975  | 10    | 1     | 3975  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 25)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | N/A   | 20    | N/A   | 5660  | N/A   | TDD   | IMD6  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3310  | 10    | 1     | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 25)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3790  | 10    | 1     | 3790  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 25)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | N/A   | 20    | N/A   | 5230  | N/A   | TDD   | IMD7  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3310  | 10    | 1     | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 25)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3790  | 10    | 1     | 3790  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 25)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n46   | N/A   | 20    | N/A   | 5660  | N/A   | TDD   | IMD6  |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3310  | 10    | 1     | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 25)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3790  | 10    | 1     | 3790  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 25)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | N/A   | 20    | N/A   | 5230  | N/A   | TDD   | IMD7  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3310  | 10    | 1     | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 25)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3790  | 10    | 1     | 3790  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 25)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n48   | 3660  | 5     | 25    | 3660  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 2130  | 5.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n48   | 3695  | 10    | 50    | 3695  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n70 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1     | 25/15 | 25    | 1     | 26    | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       | 697.5 |       |       | 997.5 |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n66   | 1750  | 5     | 25    | 2150  | 5     | FDD   | IMD4  |
| A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n71 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 675   | 5     | 25    | 629   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n66   | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 2175  | 31    | FDD   | IMD2  |
| A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3950  | 10    | 50    | 3950  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | 5.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 15    | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 197.5 |       |       | 5^13^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3305  | 10    | 1     | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3855  | 10    | 1     | 3855  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=8) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 2130  | 1.7   | FDD   | IMD7  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3455  | 10    | 1     | 3455  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=10) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3875  | 10    | 1     | 3875  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n66   | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 2130  | 5.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3660  | 10    | 50    | 3660  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | 25    | 2150  | 1.7   | FDD   | IMD7  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3350  | 10    | 1     | 3350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=7) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3750  | 10    | 1     | 3750  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2138  | 5     | FDD   | IMD4  |
| A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n85 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 701   | 5     | 25    | 731   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n67   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 748   | 8.6   | SDL   | IMD   |
| A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^15^ |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3376  | 10    | 1     | 3376  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3750  | 10    | 1     | 3750  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | 5     | FDD   | IMD4  |
| A\_n7 |       | 697.5 |       |       | 997.5 |       |       |       |
| 0-n71 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 695.5 | 5     | 25    | 649.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | 31    | FDD   | IMD2  |
| A\_n7 |       | 702.5 |       |       | 002.5 |       |       |       |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3705  | 10    | 50    | 3705  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | 5.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       | 697.5 |       |       | 997.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3545  | 10    | 50    | 3545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n70   | 1705  | 5     | 25    | 2005  | 31    | FDD   | IMD2  |
| A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3710  | 10    | 50    | 3710  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1705  | 5     | 25    | 2005  | 5.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3560  | 10    | 50    | 3560  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n71   | 671   | 5     | 25    | 625   | 5.5   | FDD   | IMD   |
| A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5^13^ |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3309  | 10    | 50    | 3309  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 640   | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3480  | 10    | 1     | 3480  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3800  | 10    | 1     | 3800  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n71   | 681.5 | 5     | 25    | 635.5 | 5.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 361.5 |       |       | 361.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n77   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n85 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 702   | 5     | 20    | 732   | 5.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | n7    | 3320  | 10    | 1     | 3320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| \_n78 | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
| -n102 |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3680  | 10    | 1     | 3680  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | 6280  | 20    | 100   | 6280  | N/A   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | n78   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| \_n78 |       | 361.5 |       |       | 361.5 |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 682.5 | 5     | 25    | 631.5 | 5.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| shall |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| set   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n(+20 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dBm,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P~CMA |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| X\_L, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f,c~) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lause |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2A.4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB~S  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TART~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| = 0,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 15    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| kHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCS   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ass   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umed. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3: No |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is at |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| least |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| one   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| indiv |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| inter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| modul |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gene  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| by    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dual  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ensit |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ivity |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| case  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (the  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lause |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7.3   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ply). |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD5  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7: In |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cu    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lease |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ma    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ximum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| separ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 60    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0MHz, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fore, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| no    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equir |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ement |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| CA    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| two   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sub   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| locks |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ass   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igned |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A\_77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (2A). |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| N     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| OTE8: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3400  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| --    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4100  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n78   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3400  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| --    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3800  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 10:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| There |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is no |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD4  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oduct |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n24   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ating |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3450  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| --    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3980  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n24   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| restr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| icted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tween |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 627.5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| --    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 637.5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tween |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 646.5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| --    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 656.5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| intra |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -band |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| non-  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| conti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| guous |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| conf  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igura |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 13:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12 of |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.2-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 14:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n41   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spe   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ctrum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| restr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| icted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 15-26 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 75MHz |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 15:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD6  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 16:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD7  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 17:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n78   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3400  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| --    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3800  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3300  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| --    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3600  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 18:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| comp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| onent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aff   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ected |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| by    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| due   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| CA    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \_n5B |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 7.3A.5-1a: 2DL/2UL inter-band Reference sensitivity QPSK
P~REFSENS~ and uplink/downlink configurations for PC2 CA

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Band  | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     | ource |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ch    | of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel | IMD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| N~RB~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| D     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uplex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| NR CA | NR    | UL    | UL/DL | UL\   | DL    | MSD\  | D     |       |
|       | band  | F~c~\ | BW\   | L     | F~c~  | (dB)  | uplex |       |
| Con   |       | (MHz) | (MHz) | ~CRB~ | (MHz) |       | mode  |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | 35.8  | FDD   | IMD2  |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 77^4^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4090  | 10    | 50    | 4090  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | 17.8  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3710  | 10    | 50    | 3710  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2130  | 31    | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5^15^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3310  | 10    | 1     | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3900  | 10    | 1     | 3900  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | 17.8  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3710  | 10    | 50    | 3710  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 13.6  | FDD   | IMD7  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3305  | 10    | 1     | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3675  | 10    | 1     | 3675  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=44) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n2    | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | 32.10 | FDD   | IMD2  |
| 2-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1885  | 5     | 25    | 1965  | 20.0  | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3810  | 10    | 50    | 3810  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | 19.10 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n3    | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 1835  | 18.4  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 3-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2     | 10    | 50    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 657.5 |       |       | 657.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | 23.3  | FDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       | 747.5 |       | (     | 842.5 |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 0)    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2560  | 60    | 1     | 2560  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 30)   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2620  | 60    | 1     | 2620  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 127)  |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | N/    | FDD   | IMD9  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 877.5 | A^17^ |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2545  | 60    | 1     | 2545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 0)    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2625  | 100   | 1     | 2625  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RB~ST |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ART~= |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 272)  |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 1835  | 31.9  | FDD   | IMD2  |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 77^4^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3575  | 10    | 50    | 3575  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1765  | 5     | 25    | 1860  | 18.5  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3435  | 10    | 50    | 3435  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N     | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | /A^6^ |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 13.6  | FDD   | IMD7  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 877.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3     | 10    | 1     | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ | 427.5 |       | (R    | 427.5 |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | Bstar |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | t=10) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3945  | 10    | 1     | 3945  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RBsta |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | rt=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n3    | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 1835  | 31.9  | FDD   | IMD2  |
| 3-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3575  | 10    | 50    | 3575  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1765  | 5     | 25    | 1860  | 18.5  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3435  | 10    | 50    | 3435  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 13.6  | FDD   | IMD7  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 877.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3305  | 10    | 1     | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=3) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3780  | 10    | 1     | 3780  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | 18.6  | FDD   | IMD4^ |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4,13^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3421  | 10    | 50    | 3421  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 18.5  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3410  | 10    | 1     | 3410  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3850  | 10    | 1     | 3850  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | 18.6  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 5-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3421  | 10    | 50    | 3421  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 18.5  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| _n5-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 78^4^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3340  | 10    | 1     | 3340  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3780  | 10    | 1     | 3780  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | 2540  | 5     | 25    | 2660  | 15.8  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 7-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3870  | 10    | 50    | 3870  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 29.9  | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 687.5 |       |       | 5^15^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3455  | 10    | 1     | 3455  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3835  | 10    | 1     | 3835  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=7) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2650  | 29.9  | FDD   | IMD   |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5^15^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3350  | 10    | 1     | 3350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3700  | 10    | 1     | 3700  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n8    | 897.5 | 5     | 25    | 942.5 | 15.5  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3635  | 10    | 50    | 3635  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n8    | 897.5 | 5     | 25    | 942.5 | 15.5  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3635  | 10    | 50    | 3635  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n8    | 897.5 | 5     | 25    | 942.5 | 21.5  | FDD   | IMD5  |
| 8-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4     | 40    | 216   | 4     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 532.5 |       |       | 532.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n12   | 702   | 5     | 20    | 732   | 11.7  | FDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n13   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 750   | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD   |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^15^ |
| 3-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3510  | 10    | 1     | 3510  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3885  | 10    | 1     | 3885  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n13   | 781   | 5     | 25    | 750   | 18.5  | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^14^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3510  | 10    | 1     | 3510  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3885  | 10    | 1     | 3885  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n13   | 782   | 5     | 20    | 751   | 20.5  | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3880  | 10    | 50    | 3880  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n14   | 795.5 | 5     | 15    | 765.5 | 11.7  | FDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 947.5 |       |       | 947.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | 24.6  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2505  | 5     | 25    | 2505  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n18   | 827.5 | 5     | 25    | 872.5 | 17.5  | FDD   | IMD   |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^16^ |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3355  | 10    | 50    | 3355  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 817.5 | 5     | 25    | 862.5 | 10.5  | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5^16^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4130  | 10    | 50    | 4130  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 827.5 | 5     | 25    | 872.5 | 18.4  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^8^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3355  | 10    | 50    | 3355  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 817.5 | 5     | 25    | 862.5 | 11.7  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^8^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4130  | 10    | 50    | 4130  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 8.5   | FDD   | IMD7  |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       | 992.5 |       |       |       |
| 5-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2545  | 90    | 1     | 2545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RBsta |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | rt=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2640  | 100   | 1     | 2640  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | start |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | =221) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1860  | 5     | 25    | 1940  | 15.3  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2501  | 10    | 1     | 2501  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | start |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | = 25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2556  | 100   | 1     | 2556  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | start |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | =     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 208)  |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n25   | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | 32.1  | FDD   | IM    |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | 19.1  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 13.6  | FDD   | IMD7  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 987.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3455  | 10    | 1     | 3455  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=10) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3945  | 10    | 1     | 3945  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n25   | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | 32.10 | FDD   | IM    |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
| 5-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1980  | 13.6  | FDD   | IMD7  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3315  | 10    | 1     | 3315  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=7) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3760  | 10    | 1     | 3760  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n26   | 836.5 | 5     | 25    | 881.5 | 23.8  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3391  | 10    | 50    | 3391  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n28   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | IM    |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^7^ |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 705.5 | 5     | 25    | 760.5 | 19.2  | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 582.5 |       |       | 582.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 725   | 5     | 25    | 780   | 18.5  | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^14^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3510  | 10    | 1     | 3510  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3900  | 10    | 1     | 3900  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 780   | 18.5  | FDD   | IMD   |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^14^ |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3310  | 10    | 1     | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=7) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3700  | 10    | 1     | 3700  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | 17.6  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| A\_n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 487.5 |       |       | 487.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n41   | 2545  | 90    | 1     | 2545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n66 |       |       |       | RBsta |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | rt=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2640  | 100   | 1     | 2640  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | start |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | =171) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 32.5  | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 197.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n41   | 2614  | 5     | 25    | 2614  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n71 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 665   | 5     | 25    | 619   | 16.3  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n41   | 2545  | 60    | 1     | 2545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       | RBsta |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | rt=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2625  | 100   | 1     | 2625  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | start |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | =272) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3305  | 2.7   | TDD   | IMD9  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2565  | 32    | TDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5^16^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3485  | 10    | 1     | 3485  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3945  | 10    | 1     | 3945  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n66   | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 2175  | 34.33 | FDD   | IMD2  |
| A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3950  | 10    | 50    | 3950  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | 11.27 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 31    | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 197.5 |       |       | 5^15^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3305  | 10    | 1     | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RBsta |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | rt=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3855  | 10    | 1     | 3855  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | RBsta |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | rt=8) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | 11.27 | FDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | 25    | 2150  | 13.6  | FDD   | IMD7  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3350  | 10    | 1     | 3350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^12^ |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=7) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3750  | 10    | 1     | 3750  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~STAR |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | T~=0) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | 37    | FDD   | IMD2  |
| A\_n7 |       | 702.5 |       |       | 002.5 |       |       |       |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3705  | 10    | 50    | 3705  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | 18.4  | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       | 697.5 |       |       | 997.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3545  | 10    | 50    | 3545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n71   | 681.5 | 5     | 25    | 635.5 | 11.4  | FDD   | IMD   |
| A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5^13^ |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 361.5 |       |       | 361.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 640   | 18.5  | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4^14^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3480  | 10    | 1     | 3480  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 7^12^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3800  | 10    | 1     | 3800  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n71   | 681.5 | 5     | 25    | 635.5 | 11.4  | FDD   | IMD5  |
| A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 361.5 |       |       | 361.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n77   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n85 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 702   | 5     | 20    | 732   | 11.7  | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| shall |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| set   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n(+23 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dBm,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P~CMA |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| X\_L, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f,c~) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lause |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2A.4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB~S  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TART~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| = 0,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 15    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| kHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCS   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ass   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umed. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3: No |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is at |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| least |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| one   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| indiv |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| inter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| modul |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gene  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| by    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dual  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FDD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ensit |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ivity |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| case  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (the  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lause |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7.3   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ply). |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD5  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7: In |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cu    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lease |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ma    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ximum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| separ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 60    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0MHz, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fore, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| no    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD2  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equir |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ement |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| CA    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| two   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sub   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| locks |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ass   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igned |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A\_77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (2A). |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| N     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| OTE8: |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3400  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| --    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4100  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 10:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| intra |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -band |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| non-  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| conti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| guous |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| conf  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igura |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 13:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12 of |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.2-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 14:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD6  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 15:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD7  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 16:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| In    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| J     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apan, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| restr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| icted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3400  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| --    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4100  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ange, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| no    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| valid |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oints |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| using |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| restr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| icted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ange. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 17:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n41   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spe   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ctrum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| restr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| icted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 25    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 15-26 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 75MHz |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 7.3A.5-1b: 2DL/2UL inter-band Reference sensitivity QPSK
P~REFSENS~ and uplink/downlink configurations for PC1.5 CA

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| Band  | S     |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| /     | ource |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| Ch    | of    |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| annel | IMD   |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| N~RB~ |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| D     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| uplex |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| mode  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+======+=======+=======+
| NR CA | NR    | UL    | UL/DL | UL\   | DL    | MSD\ | D     |       |
|       | band  | F~c~\ | BW\   | C     | F~c~  | (dB) | uplex |       |
| Con   |       | (MHz) | (MHz) | ~LRB~ | (MHz) |      | mode  |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n2    | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | 35.2 | FDD   | IMD2  |
| 2-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | 26.4 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1885  | 5     | 25    | 1965  | 28.0 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3810  | 10    | 50    | 3810  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | 25.5 | FDD   | IMD4  |
| _n5-n |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 77^2^ |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3421  | 10    | 50    | 3421  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 826.5 | 5     | 25    | 871.5 | 24.3 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4     | 10    | 50    | 4     | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 177.5 |       |       | 177.5 |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | 2540  | 5     | 25    | 2660  | 29.7 | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 7-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3870  | 10    | 50    | 3870  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| C     | n25   | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | 37.5 | FDD   | IMD2  |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | 25.8 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1885  | 5     | 25    | 1965  | 29.8 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| C     | n41   | 2614  | 5     | 25    | 2614  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1-n71 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 665   | 5     | 25    | 619   | 25.4 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| C     | n66   | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 2175  | 40.0 | FDD   | IMD2  |
| A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3950  | 10    | 50    | 3950  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | 26.0 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| C     | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | 41.8 | FDD   | IMD2  |
| A\_n7 |       | 702.5 |       |       | 002.5 |      |       |       |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3705  | 10    | 50    | 3705  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | 27.9 | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       | 697.5 |       |       | 997.5 |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3545  | 10    | 50    | 3545  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| C     | n71   | 681.5 | 5     | 25    | 635.5 | 16.0 | FDD   | IM    |
| A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D5^3^ |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 361.5 |       |       | 361.5 |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| inter |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| -band |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| UL CA |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| MIMO  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| or Tx |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| dive  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| rsity |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| pabil |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ites, |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| itter |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| shall |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| set   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| at    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| min   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| (+23  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| dBm,  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| P~CMA |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| X\_L, |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| f,c~) |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1Tx   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| conn  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ector |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| lause |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6.    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 2A.4, |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| set   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| at    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| min   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| (     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| +27.8 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| dBm,  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| P~CMA |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| X\_L, |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| f,c~) |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| two   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| Tx    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| an    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| tenna |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| conne |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ctors |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| lause |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| .2H.3 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6.2L  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| .3.4. |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 12 of |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 5.2-1 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 3: In |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| cu    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| rrent |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| lease |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ma    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ximum |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| separ |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| class |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 60    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 0MHz, |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| fore, |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| no    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| IMD2  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| equir |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ement |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| CA    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| two   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| sub   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| b     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| locks |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ass   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| igned |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| A\_77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| (2A). |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+

Table 7.3A.5-2: 3DL/2UL interband Reference sensitivity QPSK P~REFSENS~
and uplink/downlink configurations for PC3 CA

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Band  | S     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     | ource |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Ch    | of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel | IMD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| N~RB~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| D     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uplex |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mode  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| NR CA | NR    | UL    | UL/DL | UL\   | DL    | MSD\  | D     |       |
| band  | band  | F~c~\ | BW\   | L     | F~c~  | (dB)  | uplex |       |
| c     |       | (MHz) | (MHz) | ~CRB~ | (MHz) |       | mode  |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1975  | 5     | 25    | 2165  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3-n28 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710.5 | 5     | 25    | 765.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 4.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 818.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1780  | 5     | 25    | 1875  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710.5 | 5     | 25    | 765.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2139  | 11.0  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1735  | 5     | 25    | 1830  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2380  | 8.0   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       | 977.5 |       |       | 167.5 |       |       |       |
| 3-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 712.5 |       |       | 807.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2     | 5.0   | TDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 507.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1750  | 5     | 25    | 1845  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3700  | 28.4  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 31.5  | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 807.5 |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 757.5 |       |       | 757.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 31.0  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 1870  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3915  | 10    | 50    | 3915  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| **    | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| CA\_n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n3- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n78** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1750  | 5     | 25    | 1845  | N/A   |       | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3700  | 28.4  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 1865  | N/A   |       | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3360  | 11.2  | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1830  | 27.9  |       | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3780  | 10    | 50    | 3780  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4950  | 4.7   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1750  | 5     | 25    | 1845  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4860  | 40    | 216   | 4860  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 3.6   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1855  | 4     | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 695   | 5     | 25    | 644   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 5     | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 1870  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 695   | 5     | 25    | 644   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | n1    | 1968  | 5     | 25    | 2158  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| \_n1- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n5-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2512  | 10    | 50    | 2632  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 1.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2123  | 4     | FDD   | IMD5  |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n28 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 829   | 5     | 25    | 874   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 738   | 5     | 25    | 793   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1965  | 5     | 25    | 2155  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 875   | 4.6   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710   | 5     | 25    | 765   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2144  | 4.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 832   | 5     | 25    | 877   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2320  | 5     | 25    | 2320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1945  | 5     | 25    | 2135  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 8.0   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2385  | 5     | 25    | 2385  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 977.5 |       |       | 167.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 826.5 | 5     | 25    | 871.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2305  | 9.0   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2122  | 18.1  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 829   | 5     | 25    | 874   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3780  | 10    | 50    | 3780  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1975  | 5     | 25    | 2165  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 885   | 3.1   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3405  | 10    | 50    | 3405  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3610  | 15.7  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 1.2   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4650  | 40    | 100   | 4650  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 890   | 15.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4750  | 40    | 100   | 4750  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1923  | 5     | 25    | 2113  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 879   | 10.3  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4890  | 40    | 100   | 4890  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 845   | 5     | 25    | 890   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4785  | 14.9  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1940  | 5     | 25    | 2130  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 874   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4430  | 9.4   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1925  | 5     | 25    | 2115  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 614.5 | 9.4   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1929  | 5     | 25    | 2119  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 873   | 4.6   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 700.5 | 5     | 25    | 649.5 | N/A   | FDD   | NA    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2162  | 16    | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 635   | 5     | 25    | 615   | N/A   | FDD   | NA    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | n1    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| \_n1- |       | 977.5 |       |       | 167.5 |       |       |       |
| n7-n8 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 502.5 |       |       | 622.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 927.5 | 1.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1965  | 5     | 25    | 2155  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n26 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2510  | 10    | 50    | 2630  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 875   | 3.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1935  | 5     | 25    | 2125  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n28 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2653  | 30.0  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 718   | 5     | 25    | 773   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1935  | 5     | 25    | 2125  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2510  | 10    | 50    | 2630  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 785   | 4.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2630  | 23    | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2390  | 5     | 25    | 2390  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2120  | 16.4  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2530  | 5     | 25    | 2650  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1948  | 5     | 25    | 2138  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n67 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2548  | 5     | 25    | 2668  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n67   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 748   | 3.3   | SDL   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       | 977.5 |       |       | 167.5 |       |       |       |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 9.1   | FDD   | IMD4  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 627.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 8.7   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2510  | 10    | 50    | 2630  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3580  | 10    | 50    | 3580  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2520  | 5     | 25    | 2640  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3390  | 10.1  | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1935  | 5     | 25    | 2125  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2565  | 10    | 50    | 2685  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 630   | 28.7  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1925  | 5     | 25    | 2115  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2565  | 10    | 50    | 2565  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 645   | 1     | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 968.5 |       |       | 158.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 30    | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       | 634.5 |       |       | D2^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 666   | 5     | 25    | 615   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 930   | 8.0   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2395  | 5     | 25    | 2395  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1945  | 5     | 25    | 2135  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 900   | 5     | 25    | 945   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3745  | 14.9  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1940  | 5     | 25    | 2130  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 940   | 3.3   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3380  | 10    | 50    | 3380  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1965  | 5     | 25    | 2155  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n28 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 708   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 867   | 4.6   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 825   | 5     | 25    | 870   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 738   | 5     | 25    | 793   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2127  | 4     | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1960  | 5     | 25    | 2150  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2505  | 10    | 50    | 2505  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 870   | 3.3   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 825   | 5     | 25    | 870   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3600  | 15.7  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3390  | 10    | 50    | 3390  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 870   | 3.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2120  | 16.4  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 825   | 5     | 25    | 870   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3770  | 10    | 50    | 3770  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2122  | 18.1  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n1-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 829   | 5     | 25    | 874   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3780  | 10    | 50    | 3780  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1975  | 5     | 25    | 2165  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 885   | 3.1   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3405  | 10    | 50    | 3405  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3610  | 15.7  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1935  | 5     | 25    | 2125  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 718   | 5     | 25    | 773   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2653  | 30.1  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1923  | 5     | 25    | 2113  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2685  | 10    | 50    | 2685  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 762   | 29.3  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1975  | 5     | 25    | 2165  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n46 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710   | 5     | 25    | 765   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | N/A   | 20    | N/A   | 5215  | N/A   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1975  | 5     | 25    | 2165  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 765   | 10.5  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | 5160  | 20    | 100   | 5160  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 733   | 5     | 25    | 788   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3416  | 15.7  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3320  | 10    | 50    | 3320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 790   | 4.2   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 740   | 5     | 25    | 795   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3630  | 10    | 50    | 3630  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2150  | 15.7  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2150  | 15.7  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n1-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 740   | 5     | 25    | 795   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3630  | 10    | 50    | 3630  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 794   | 4.2   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3352  | 10    | 50    | 3352  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 733   | 5     | 25    | 788   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3416  | 15.7  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 730   | 5     | 25    | 785   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4630  | 14.9  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4648  | 40    | 216   | 4648  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 788   | 15.2  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 745.5 | 5     | 25    | 800.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 40    | 216   | 4420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 1.2   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       | 167.5 |       |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 1-n28 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n102 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 706   | 5     | 25    | 761   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 5978  | N/    | TDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | A^12^ |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3480  | 9.8   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2340  | 10.6  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3450  | 10    | 50    | 3450  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 9.1   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2380  | 5     | 25    | 2380  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3450  | 10    | 50    | 3450  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3480  | 9.8   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2340  | 10.6  | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3450  | 10    | 50    | 3450  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 9.1   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2380  | 5     | 25    | 2380  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3450  | 10    | 50    | 3450  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n1    | 1977  | 5     | 25    | 2167  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 1-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2305  | 10    | 50    | 2305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 649   | 1dB   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2650  | 10    | 50    | 2650  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3330  | 19.6  | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1975  | 5     | 10    | 2165  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3410  | 10    | 50    | 3410  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2515  | 11.5  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2640  | 10    | 50    | 2640  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3710  | 10    | 50    | 3710  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 9.3   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2530  | 10    | 50    | 2530  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4500  | 19.0  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4500  | 40    | 216   | 4500  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2530  | 29.4  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2530  | 10    | 50    | 2530  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4690  | 40    | 216   | 4690  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 29.9  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | 5430  | 20    | 100   | 5430  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3500  | 29    | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2130  | 30    | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | 5630  | 20    | 100   | 5630  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3500  | 10    | 50    | 3500  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2120  | 15    | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | 5160  | 20    | 100   | 5160  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3640  | 10    | 50    | 3640  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | N/A   | 20    | N/A   | 5430  | N/A   | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3500  | 10    | 50    | 3500  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | N/A   | 20    | N/A   | 5250  | N/A   | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3590  | 10    | 50    | 3590  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n67   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 748   | 3.5   | SDL   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3329  | 10    | 50    | 3329  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 15.6  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n1-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
| 7-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3400  | 10    | 50    | 3400  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4660  | 40    | 216   | 4660  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3410  | 10    | 50    | 3410  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4870  | 15.9  | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,3^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3490  | 4.6   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^3^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4670  | 40    | 216   | 4670  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 15.6  | FDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3400  | 10    | 50    | 3400  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4660  | 40    | 216   | 4660  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n102 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3320  | 5     | 25    | 3320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 6020  | N/    | TDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | A^12^ |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2155  | 29.9  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3790  | 5     | 25    | 3790  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | 5945  | 40    | 216   | 5945  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 635   | 15.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3342  | 15.7  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 686   | 5     | 25    | 635   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 15.7  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3532  | 10    | 50    | 3532  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 686   | 5     | 25    | 635   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n2    | 1870  | 5     | 25    | 1959  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n2-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n30 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 9.7   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 10    | 50    | 2355  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n2    | 1855  | 10    | 50    | 1935  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n2-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2685  | 30.0  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1962  | 15.6  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| _n2-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n48 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 839   | 5     | 25    | 884   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | 3640  | 10    | 50    | 3640  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1905  | 5     | 25    | 1985  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | N/A   | 10    | 50    | 3593  | 16.6  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n2    | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n2-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 7.2   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n2    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n2-n |       | 907.5 |       |       | 987.5 |       |       |       |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 887.5 | 3.8   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1987  | 16.5  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3680  | 10    | 50    | 3680  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3540  | 16.0  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n2    | 1885  | 5     | 25    | 1965  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n2-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2-n30 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 708.5 | 5     | 25    | 738.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2353  | 12.0  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n2    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n2-n1 |       | 907.5 |       |       | 987.5 |       |       |       |
| 2-n71 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 743.5 | 4.2   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 665.5 | 5     | 25    | 649.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 16.5  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n2-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^2,5^ |
| 2-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 707.5 | 5     | 25    | 737.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3375  | 10    | 50    | 3375  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 707.5 | 5     | 25    | 737.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3315  | 16.0  | TDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD3^1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,2,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| **C   | n2    | 1874  | 5     | 25    | 1954  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n14- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n66** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2162  | 7.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1954  | 7.2   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2170  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1954  | 16.5  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n2-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3466  | 16.0  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1986  | 8.6   | FDD   | IM    |
| n2-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^5^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2312  | 5     | 25    | 2357  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1905  | 5     | 25    | 1985  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2354  | 10.6  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3361  | 10    | 50    | 3361  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1860  | 5     | 25    | 1940  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2354  | 3.4   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3967  | 10    | 50    | 3967  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1870  | 5     | 25    | 1950  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4180  | 29.4  | TDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^2,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n2    | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n2-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | N/A   | 10    | 50    | 3625  | 32.0  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2190  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1905  | 5     | 25    | 1985  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | 3560  | 10    | 50    | 3560  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2155  | 12.1  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 28.3  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | 3695  | 10    | 50    | 3695  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1735  | 5     | 25    | 2135  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| **C   | n2    | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3620  | 29.4  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3900  | 8.9   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2115  | 29.2  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3970  | 10    | 50    | 3970  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 10.4  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3500  | 10    | 50    | 3500  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1885  | 5     | 25    | 1965  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2175  | 4.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3915  | 10    | 50    | 3915  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 32.1  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 9.1   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2170  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 2.1   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3620  | 10    | 50    | 3620  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | n3    | 1780  | 5     | 25    | 1875  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| \_n3- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n5-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 845   | 5     | 25    | 890   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2625  | 30.0  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 19.0  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2560  | 10    | 50    | 2680  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 8.7   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       | 829.5 |       |       |       |
| 5-n28 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 845   | 5     | 25    | 890   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 705.5 | 5     | 25    | 760.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1713  | 5     | 25    | 1808  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 827   | 5     | 25    | 872   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 768   | 9.4   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 839   | 5     | 25    | 884   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3408  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 839   | 5     | 25    | 884   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3512  | 4.5   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1862  | 15.7  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 839   | 5     | 25    | 884   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 8.8   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       | 877.5 |       |       |       |
| 5-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 40    | 216   | 4420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1780  | 5     | 25    | 1875  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 860   | 15.3  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 40    | 216   | 4420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 1865  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 890   | 10.3  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 40    | 216   | 4420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 782.5 |       |       | 875.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4420  | 15.7  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1780  | 5     | 25    | 1875  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846   | 5     | 25    | 891   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4494  | 9.4   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | n3    | 1735  | 5     | 25    | 1830  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| \_n3- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n7-n8 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2530  | 10    | 50    | 2650  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 940   | 18.0  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1780  | 5     | 25    | 1875  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2670  | 29.0  | FDD   | IMD   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2^11^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 890   | 5     | 25    | 935   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | 1747  | 5     | 25    | 1842  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n20 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2543  | 10    | 50    | 2663  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 796   | 20.0  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1780  | 5     | 25    | 1875  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2625  | 29.0  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 845   | 5     | 25    | 804   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1750  | 5     | 25    | 1845  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | 25    | N/A   | 17.0  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 835   | 5     | 25    | 794   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n26 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2560  | 10    | 50    | 2680  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 17.5  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1780  | 5     | 25    | 1875  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2625  | 29.0  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 845   | 5     | 25    | 890   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| **    | n3    | 1747  | 5     | 25    | 1842  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| CA\_n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3-n7- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n28** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2543  | 5     | 25    | 2663  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 796   | 20.0  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 712.5 |       |       | 807.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2682  | 17.0  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 743   | 5     | 25    | 798   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 26    | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 832.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2543  | 5     | 25    | 2663  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710.5 | 5     | 25    | 765.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | 1770  | 10    | 50    | 1865  | 4.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2525  | 10    | 50    | 2645  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2305  | 10    | 50    | 2305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 1865  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n67 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2520  | 5     | 25    | 2640  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n67   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 750   | 20    | SDL   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1820  | 17.6  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2565  | 5     | 25    | 2685  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3310  | 10    | 50    | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1820  | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2565  | 5     | 25    | 2685  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3475  | 10    | 50    | 3475  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2560  | 5     | 25    | 2680  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3390  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1875  | 16.5  | FDD   | IMD2  |
| n3-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 675   | 5     | 25    | 624   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1874  | 4     | FDD   | IMD5  |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 912   | 5     | 25    | 957   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2305  | 5     | 25    | 2305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n3-n |       | 722.5 |       |       | 817.5 |       |       |       |
| 8-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 887.5 | 5     | 25    | 932.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2610  | 28.0  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1725  | 5     | 25    | 1820  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 945   | 26.0  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2516  | 10    | 50    | 2516  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3550  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3370  | 4.5   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1820  | 15.7  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3640  | 10    | 50    | 3640  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 1865  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 885   | 5     | 25    | 930   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4425  | 15.7  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1755  | 5     | 25    | 1850  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 955   | 15.3  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4465  | 40    | 216   | 4465  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1850  | 8.8   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4580  | 40    | 216   | 4580  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n1 |       | 712.5 |       |       | 807.5 |       |       |       |
| 8-n28 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 770   | 9.4   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 827.5 | 5     | 25    | 872.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2540  | N/A   | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1725  | 5     | 25    | 1820  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2630  | 16.0  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 865   | 28.9  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1765  | 5     | 25    | 1860  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2630  | 10    | 50    | 2630  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 875   | 19.0  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1725  | 5     | 25    | 1820  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2670  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1850  | 28.8  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2670  | 10    | 50    | 2670  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 1865  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3410  | 16.3  | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1865  | 15.7  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3505  | 10    | 50    | 3505  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1828  | 9.4   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| n3-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n28 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 852   | 5     | 25    | 811   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 728   | 5     | 25    | 783   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1748  | 5     | 25    | 1843  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 847   | 5     | 25    | 806   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 793   | 9.4   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 1870  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n67 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 840   | 5     | 25    | 799   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n67   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 745   | 9.4   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 845   | 5     | 25    | 804   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3420  | 16.1  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1820  | 17.3  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 845   | 5     | 25    | 804   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3510  | 10    | 50    | 3510  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 839   | 5     | 25    | 884   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3408  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 839   | 5     | 25    | 884   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3512  | 4.5   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1862  | 15.7  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 839   | 5     | 25    | 884   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1715  | 5     | 25    | 1810  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 743   | 5     | 25    | 798   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2518  | 27.4  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1715  | 5     | 25    | 1810  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 743   | 5     | 25    | 798   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2687  | 15.9  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2510  | 5     | 25    | 2510  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 790   | 26.0  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710.5 | 5     | 25    | 765.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2543  | 10    | 50    | 2543  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 26.0  | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 832.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 733   | 5     | 25    | 788   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4173  | 15.9  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 735   | 5     | 25    | 790   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3320  | 10    | 50    | 3320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1850  | 17.0  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 712.5 |       |       | 807.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4195  | 10    | 50    | 4195  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 770   | 15.3  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n28   | 735   | 5     | 25    | 790   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3320  | N/A   | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1755  | 5     | 25    | 1850  | 17.3  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1750  | 5     | 25    | 1845  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 743   | 5     | 25    | 798   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3764  | 4.5   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 1865  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 725   | 5     | 25    | 780   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4585  | 9.4   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 1865  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4530  | 40    | 216   | 4530  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 725   | 5     | 25    | 780   | 10.3  | FDD   | IMD4  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | |3\*f |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ~Bn3~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -f~Bn |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 79~\| |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 725   | 5     | 25    | 780   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4770  | 40    | 216   | 4770  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 1870  | 5.7   | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \|    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4\*f~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Bn28~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -f~Bn |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 79~\| |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 1.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| _n3-4 |       |       |       |       | 842.5 |       |       |       |
| 0-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 347.5 |       |       | 347.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2600  | 10    | 50    | 2600  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2320  | 5     | 25    | 2320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4050  | 19.0  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2310  | 29.4  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4030  | 10    | 50    | 4030  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1820  | 29.9  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4130  | 10    | 50    | 4130  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n3    | 1745  | 5     | 25    | 1840  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 3-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2380  | 10    | 50    | 2380  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 635   | 26.0  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2388  | 26.0  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 668   | 5     | 25    | 617   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3900  | 10    | 50    | 3900  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2640  | 5.3   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2620  | 5     | 25    | 2620  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3400  | 10    | 50    | 3400  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1840  | 16.4  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2580  | 5     | 25    | 2580  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3440  | 16.8  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2560  | 10    | 50    | 2560  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3390  | 16.4  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1840  | 16.4  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2620  | 5     | 25    | 2620  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3400  | 10    | 50    | 3400  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1850  | 29.4  | FDD   | IM    |
| n3-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
| 1-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2570  | 10    | 50    | 2570  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 40    | 216   | 4420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 1865  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2670  | 30.2  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4440  | 40    | 216   | 4440  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 1865  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2670  | 10    | 50    | 2670  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4440  | 30.8  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 2.2   | FDD   | IMD7  |
| n3-n6 |       |       |       |       | 877.5 |       |       |       |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n67   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | SDL   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 3305  | 10    | 1     | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       | 8^10^ |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 3780  | 10    | 1     | 3780  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | START |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=25) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n77   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4840  | 40    | 216   | 4840  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1765  | 5     | 25    | 1860  | 15.7  | TDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD3^1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,\ 2^ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | \|    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2\*f~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | Bn77~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | -f~Bn |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 79~\| |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n3    | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 1825  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 3-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3740  | 17.3  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 670   | 5     | 25    | 619   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n5-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n25 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2685  | 30.0  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n5-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2624  | 29.0  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 777.5 |       |       | 177.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2670  | 13    | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1750  | 5     | 25    | 2150  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 13    | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2560  | 5     | 25    | 2680  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n5-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2645  | 30.1  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3489  | 10    | 50    | 3489  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 879   | 30.2  | FDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD2^1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,\ 4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3429  | 10    | 50    | 3429  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 827   | 5     | 25    | 852   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2503  | 5     | 25    | 2623  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3330  | 30.2  | TDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD2^2 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,\ 4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 879   | 30.2  | FDD   | IMD2  |
| _n5-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3429  | 10    | 50    | 3429  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 875   | 3.3   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2525  | 5     | 25    | 2645  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2645  | 30.1  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3489  | 10    | 50    | 3489  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2540  | 5     | 25    | 2660  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3375  | 29.7  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3430  | 9.7   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 834.5 | 5     | 25    | 879.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2655  | 6.5   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 683   | 5     | 25    | 632   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 3.9   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| n5-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 707.5 | 5     | 25    | 737.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3710  | 10    | 50    | 3710  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 740   | 4.4   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4080  | 10    | 50    | 4080  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 707.5 | 5     | 25    | 737.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3905  | 4.4   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 3.9   | FDD   | IM    |
| n5-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^5^ |
| 4-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4052  | 10    | 50    | 4052  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 765.5 | 11.6  | FDD   | IMD4  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 840   | 5     | 25    | 885   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3313  | 10.3  | TDD   | IMD4  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2685  | 30.0  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 834   | 5     | 25    | 879   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2132  | 7.2   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3540  | 16.0  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 889   | 3.8   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1907  | 5     | 25    | 1987  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1987  | 16.5  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3680  | 10    | 25    | 3680  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3560  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1987  | 16.5  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3680  | 10    | 50    | 3680  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 887.5 | 3.8   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 907.5 |       |       | 987.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 874   | 3.8   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| n5-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 723   | 5     | 25    | 778   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3766  | 10    | 50    | 3756  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 778   | 11.6  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3310  | 10    | 50    | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 707   | 5     | 25    | 762   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3781  | 4.0   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | 845   | 5     | 25    | 890   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 5-n28 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 740   | 5     | 25    | 795   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 686   | 5     | 25    | 635   | 25.0  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n29   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 720   | 9.4   | SDL   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2170  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 845   | 5     | 25    | 890   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n29   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 720   | 4.4   | SDL   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4100  | 10    | 50    | 4100  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 307.5 |       |       | 352.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2125  | 4     | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 15.2  | FDD   | IM    |
| n5-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3740  | 10    | 50    | 3740  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2355  | 13.2  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4025  | 10    | 50    | 4025  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 840   | 5     | 25    | 885   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3780  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 15.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n5-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3740  | 10    | 50    | 3740  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 840   | 5     | 25    | 885   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3780  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | 836.5 | 5     | 25    | 881.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 5-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2305  | 5     | 25    | 2305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 632   | 17    | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 836.5 | 5     | 25    | 881.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2356  | 18.8  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 683   | 5     | 25    | 632   | N/A   | FDD   | NA    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2624  | 29.0  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 777.5 |       |       | 177.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 875   | 28.9  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2640  | 10    | 50    | 2640  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1765  | 5     | 25    | 2165  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2540  | 5     | 25    | 2540  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3375  | 29.7  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 840   | 5     | 25    | 885   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2500  | 5     | 25    | 2500  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4160  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2645  | 30.1  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3489  | 10    | 50    | 3489  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2510  | 13.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4180  | 10    | 50    | 4180  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 879   | 30.2  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2550  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3429  | 10    | 50    | 3429  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 900   | 15.2  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2500  | 5     | 25    | 2500  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4100  | 10    | 50    | 4100  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 829   | 5     | 25    | 874   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3622  | 3.6   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 845   | 5     | 25    | 890   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 2175  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3465  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 826.5 | 5     | 25    | 871.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 712.5 |       |       | 112.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4192  | 8.2   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1735  | 5     | 25    | 2135  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3535  | 3.3   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 826.5 | 5     | 25    | 871.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2142  | 13.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3795  | 10    | 50    | 3795  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3380  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2120  | 13.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3780  | 10    | 50    | 3780  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 846   | 5     | 25    | 891   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4636  | 26.2  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 827   | 5     | 25    | 872   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4959  | 22    | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 827   | 5     | 25    | 872   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3593  | 26.9  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 40    | 216   | 4420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 827   | 5     | 25    | 872   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3326  | 17    | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4980  | 40    | 216   | 4980  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 16.2  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3550  | 10    | 50    | 3550  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4430  | 40    | 216   | 4430  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 875   | 3     | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4520  | 40    | 216   | 4520  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n5    | 836.5 | 5     | 25    | 881.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 5-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3     | 4     | TDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 568.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 683   | 5     | 25    | 632   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 881.5 | 3.8   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3     | 10    | 52    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 613.5 |       |       | 613.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 683   | 5     | 25    | 632   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n7    | 2530  | 5     | 25    | 2650  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n7-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 905   | 5     | 25    | 950   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2345  | 3.0   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n7    | 2555  | 5     | 25    | 2675  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n7-n |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 900   | 5     | 25    | 945   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3455  | 28.5  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2555  | 5     | 25    | 2675  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 945   | 29.7  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3500  | 10    | 50    | 3500  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2520  | 5     | 25    | 2640  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 940   | 3.1   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3310  | 10    | 50    | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2650  | 28    | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 895   | 5     | 25    | 940   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3545  | 10    | 50    | 3545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2565  | 10    | 50    | 2685  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n67 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 834.5 | 5     | 25    | 793.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n67   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 773   | 3.9   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2560  | 5     | 25    | 2680  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 810   | 30.5  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3370  | 10    | 50    | 3370  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2560  | 5     | 25    | 2680  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 810   | 3.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3435  | 10    | 50    | 3435  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2675  | 30.8  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 845   | 5     | 25    | 804   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3520  | 10    | 50    | 3520  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2540  | 5     | 25    | 2660  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 835   | 5     | 25    | 794   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3375  | 29.7  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2640  | 5.3   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| n7-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1870  | 5     | 25    | 1950  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4125  | 10    | 50    | 4125  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1950  | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3525  | 10    | 50    | 3525  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2520  | 5     | 25    | 2640  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1905  | 5     | 25    | 1985  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3750  | 4.5   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1950  | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3525  | 10    | 50    | 3525  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2520  | 5     | 25    | 2640  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1905  | 5     | 25    | 1985  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3750  | 4.5   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 879   | 30.2  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3429  | 10    | 50    | 3429  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2525  | 5     | 25    | 2645  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 875   | 3.3   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2645  | 30.1  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3489  | 10    | 50    | 3489  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2540  | 5     | 25    | 2660  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3375  | 29.7  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2630  | 5.9   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| n7-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 743   | 5     | 25    | 798   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n2 |       | 567.5 |       |       | 687.5 |       |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 782.5 | 28.8  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 567.5 |       |       | 687.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 782.5 | 3.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3460  | 10    | 50    | 3460  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2650  | 30.5  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 740   | 5     | 25    | 795   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3390  | 10    | 50    | 3390  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2565  | 5     | 25    | 2685  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 745   | 5     | 25    | 800   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3310  | 29.7  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 720   | 5     | 25    | 775   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3714  | 9.7   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2630  | 10.1  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| n7-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3625  | 10    | 50    | 3625  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2510  | 5     | 25    | 2630  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2310  | 8.7   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3785  | 10    | 50    | 3785  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2655  | 5.9   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| 7-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2352  | 5     | 25    | 2352  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 683   | 5     | 25    | 632   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2530  | 5     | 25    | 2650  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | 5840  | 20    | 100   | 5840  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3310  | 29.7  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2530  | 5     | 25    | 2650  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | N/A   | 20    | N/A   | 5840  | 25.2  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3310  | 10    | 50    | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2560  | 5     | 25    | 2680  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 2130  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3390  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2150  | 8.7   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3625  | 10    | 50    | 3625  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2640  | 3.4   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3900  | 10    | 50    | 3900  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2520  | 5     | 25    | 2640  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4040  | 4.2   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2560  | 5     | 25    | 2680  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 2130  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3390  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2150  | 8.7   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3625  | 10    | 50    | 3625  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2562  | 5     | 25    | 2682  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n67   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 748   | 28.8  | SDL   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3310  | 10    | 50    | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2505  | 5     | 25    | 2625  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 666   | 5     | 25    | 620   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3837  | 16.0  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2670  | 29.6  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 680   | 5     | 25    | 634   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | 2560  | 5     | 25    | 2680  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n102 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3420  | 5     | 25    | 3420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 5980  | N/    | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | A^12^ |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2560  | 5     | 25    | 2680  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 3420  | 29.6  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | 5980  | 40    | 216   | 5980  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2680  | 29.6  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3320  | 5     | 25    | 3320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | 6000  | 40    | 216   | 6000  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n7    | 2555  | 5     | 25    | 2675  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3520  | 10    | 50    | 3520  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 625   | 3.9   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3714  | 9.7   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 693   | 5     | 25    | 642   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2625  | 28.7  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3308  | 10    | 50    | 3308  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 683   | 5     | 25    | 632   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n8    | N/A   | 5     | 25    | 951.5 | 24.3  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n8-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n28 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 834.5 | 5     | 25    | 793.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 717.5 | 5     | 25    | 772.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 887.5 | 5     | 25    | 932.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n20   | 834.5 | 5     | 25    | 793.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | 25    | 781.5 | 24    | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 928   | 17.0  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n8-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 706   | 5     | 25    | 761   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2340  | 5     | 25    | 2340  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 706   | 5     | 25    | 761   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2322  | 18.8  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 928   | 3.8   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| n8-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 743   | 5     | 25    | 798   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3900  | 10    | 50    | 3900  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 883   | 5     | 25    | 928   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 761   | 11.6  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3410  | 10    | 50    | 3410  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 883   | 5     | 25    | 928   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 745   | 5     | 25    | 800   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3394  | 10.3  | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 883   | 5     | 25    | 928   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 745   | 5     | 25    | 800   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3863  | 4.0   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 940   | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| n8-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1920  | 5     | 25    | 1920  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2370  | 5     | 25    | 2370  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 950   | 4.3   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1910  | 5     | 25    | 1910  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2390  | 5     | 25    | 2390  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 905   | 5     | 25    | 950   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1905  | 3.5   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n8    | 900   | 5     | 25    | 945   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n8-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1890  | 10    | 50    | 1890  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4680  | 15.9  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 890   | 5     | 25    | 935   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1890  | 10    | 50    | 1890  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4560  | 12.1  | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 897.5 | 5     | 25    | 942.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 1     | 13.8  | TDD   | IMD4  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 907.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4600  | 40    | 216   | 4600  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 940   | 15.1  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1900  | 10    | 50    | 1900  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4740  | 40    | 216   | 4740  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 940   | 7.1   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1900  | 10    | 50    | 1900  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4750  | 40    | 216   | 4750  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n8    | 895   | 5     | 25    | 940   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n8-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2355  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | 4.9   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2520  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 950   | 30.5  | FDD   | IM    |
| n8-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2380  | 5     | 25    | 2380  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3330  | 10    | 50    | 3330  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 935   | 19.8  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2320  | 5     | 25    | 2320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3705  | 10    | 50    | 3705  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2395  | 28    | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2330  | 13.2  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4150  | 10    | 50    | 4150  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2395  | 5     | 25    | 2395  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3305  | 28.8  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4130  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 950   | 30.5  | FDD   | IMD2  |
| n8-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2380  | 5     | 25    | 2380  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3330  | 10    | 50    | 3330  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 935   | 19.8  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2320  | 5     | 25    | 2320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3705  | 10    | 50    | 3705  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2395  | 28    | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2395  | 10    | 50    | 2395  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3305  | 28.8  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n8    | 885   | 5     | 25    | 930   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n8-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2305  | 5     | 25    | 2305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4960  | 10.7  | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 885   | 5     | 25    | 930   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2305  | 9.2   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4960  | 40    | 216   | 4960  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| n8-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2650  | 10    | 50    | 2650  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4470  | 10    | 50    | 4470  | 16.3  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 910   | 5     | 25    | 955   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2650  | 10    | 50    | 2650  | 15.5  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4470  | 10    | 50    | 4470  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n8    | 895   | 5     | 25    | 940   | 11.8  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2680  | 10    | 50    | 2680  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 10    | 50    | 4420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n12   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 740   | 15.2  | FDD   | IM    |
| 12-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3880  | 10    | 50    | 3880  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 707.5 | 5     | 25    | 737.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2355  | 13.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3770  | 10    | 50    | 3770  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 707   | 5     | 25    | 737   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3913  | 16.0  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n12   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 740   | 15.2  | FDD   | IM    |
| 12-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4180  | 10    | 50    | 4180  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 707   | 5     | 25    | 737   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2126  | 13.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 704   | 5     | 25    | 734   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1723  | 5     | 25    | 2123  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4150  | 16.0  | TDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD3^1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,2,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n12   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 732   | 4.4   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| 12-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3504  | 10    | 50    | 3504  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 711   | 5     | 25    | 741   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 646   | 3.9   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3490  | 10    | 50    | 3490  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n13   | 782   | 5     | 25    | 751   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 13-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2156  | 7.2   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1860  | 5     | 25    | 1940  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n13   | 780   | 10    | 50    | 749   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1940  | 6.2   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1750  | 5     | 25    | 2150  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n13   | 782   | 5     | 25    | 751   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 13-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1896  | 5     | 25    | 1976  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3460  | 17.3  | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n13   | 782   | 5     | 25    | 751   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 16.0  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3524  | 10    | 50    | 3524  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n13   | 782   | 5     | 25    | 751   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 13-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2146  | 17.1  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3710  | 10    | 50    | 3710  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n13   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 750   | 15.2  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1710  | 5     | 25    | 2110  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4170  | 10    | 50    | 4170  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n13   | 782   | 5     | 25    | 751   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2170  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3334  | 16.3  | TDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD3^1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,2,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n14   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 763   | 15.2  | FDD   | IM    |
| 14-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3857  | 10    | 50    | 3857  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2355  | 13.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3941  | 10    | 50    | 3941  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3896  | 16.0  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n14   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 763   | 15.2  | FDD   | IM    |
| 14-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 712.5 |       |       | 112.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4188  | 10    | 50    | 4188  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2155  | 13.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3741  | 10    | 50    | 3741  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1755  | 5     | 25    | 2155  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3341  | 16.0  | TDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD3^1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,2,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n18   | 825   | 5     | 25    | 870   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 18-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 738   | 5     | 25    | 793   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2562  | 4.4   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 825   | 5     | 25    | 870   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2505  | 10    | 50    | 2505  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 795   | 3.9   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 18-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710   | 5     | 25    | 765   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3770  | 4.0   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 778   | 4.4   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4058  | 10    | 50    | 4058  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 865   | 3.9   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 723   | 5     | 25    | 778   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3757  | 10    | 50    | 3757  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 18-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2570  | 5     | 25    | 2570  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3390  | 30.1  | TDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^2,4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3450  | 10    | 50    | 3450  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2630  | 28.5  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2590  | 10    | 50    | 2590  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3460  | 10    | 50    | 3460  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 870   | 29.3  | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n20   | 855   | 5     | 25    | 814   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 20-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n67   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 755   | 11.6  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3320  | 10    | 50    | 3320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n24   | 1649  | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 24-n4 |       |       |       |       | 528.5 |       |       |       |
| 1-n48 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2610  | 5     | 25    | 2610  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3571  | 16.8  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n24   | 1630  | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 528.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2500  | 5.3   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | 3695  | 10    | 50    | 3695  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n24   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1530  | 16.4  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 592.5 |       |       | 592.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | 3655  | 10    | 50    | 3655  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n24   | 1630  | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 24-n4 |       |       |       |       | 528.5 |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2685  | 5     | 25    | 2685  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3735  | 16.8  | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n24   | 1630  | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 528.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2610  | 5.3   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3755  | 10    | 50    | 3755  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n24   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 16.4  | FDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 528.5 |       |       | ^2,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2500  | 5     | 25    | 2500  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3465  | 10    | 50    | 3465  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 16.4  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| 25-n3 |       |       |       |       | 932.5 |       |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n38   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 617.5 |       |       | 617.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1870  | 5     | 25    | 1950  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n38   | 2610  | 5     | 25    | 2610  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3350  | 14.8  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 8.6   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n38   | 2570  | 5     | 25    | 2570  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3550  | 10    | 50    | 3550  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1940  | 11.0  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 25-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2685  | 10    | 50    | 2685  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1715  | 5     | 25    | 2115  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | N/A   | 5     | 25    | 1950  | 15.3  | FDD   | IMD3  |
| 25-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2546  | 100   | 1     | 2546  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | start |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~=24) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2641  | 90    | 1     | 2641  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~s |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | tart~ |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | =232) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 2195  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 912.5 |       |       | 992.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2546  | 100   | 1     | 2546  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~s |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | tart~ |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | =260) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 2641  | 90    | 1     | 2641  |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | (RB~s |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | tart~ |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | =121) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | 25    | 1     | 15.3  | FDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 962.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | 1870  | 5     | 25    | 1950  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 25-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2670  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3470  | 14.8  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2525  | 5     | 25    | 2645  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3775  | 4.2   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1870  | 5     | 25    | 1950  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2640  | 5.3   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4125  | 10    | 50    | 4125  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1950  | 17.6  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2675  | 5     | 25    | 2675  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3400  | 10    | 50    | 3400  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1950  | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2685  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3525  | 10    | 50    | 3525  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | 1870  | 5     | 25    | 1950  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 25-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2610  | 5     | 25    | 2610  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3350  | 14.8  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2525  | 5     | 25    | 2645  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3775  | 4.2   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1950  | 17.6  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2565  | 5     | 25    | 2565  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3180  | 10    | 50    | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1950  | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2685  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3525  | 10    | 50    | 3475  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 25-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n85 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2638  | 10    | 50    | 2638  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 738   | 28.7  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2608  | 28.7  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 708   | 5     | 25    | 738   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1952  | 26    | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2660  | 10    | 50    | 2660  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 708   | 5     | 50    | 738   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| **CA  | **    | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| \_n25 | n25** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n48- |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n66** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | **    | **3   | *     | *     | **3   | N/A   | **    | N/A   |
|       | n48** | 540** | *10** | *50** | 540** |       | TDD** |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | **    | N/A   | **5** | N/A   | **2   | 10.4  | **    | IMD4  |
|       | n66** |       |       |       | 160** |       | FDD** |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3620  | 29.4  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 32.1  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | 3700  | 10    | 50    | 3700  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 25-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2115  | 29.2  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3970  | 10    | 50    | 3970  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 10.4  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | 10    | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 4.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3930  | 10    | 50    | 3930  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 32.1  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 9.1   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2170  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 2.1   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3620  | 10    | 50    | 3620  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3620  | 29.4  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3900  | 8.9   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 25-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3620  | 29.4  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2150  | 10.4  | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3550  | 10    | 50    | 3550  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 32.1  | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 11.0  | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 25-n6 |       |       |       |       | 992.5 |       |       |       |
| 6-n85 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 712.5 |       |       | 112.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 713.5 | 5     | 25    | 743.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 25-n7 |       | 907.5 |       |       | 987.5 |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 695.5 | 5     | 25    | 649.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3305  | 8.0   | TDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD3^1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,2,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1954  | 16.5  | FDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^2,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3340  | 10    | 50    | 3340  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 25-n7 |       | 907.5 |       |       | 987.5 |       |       |       |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 695.5 | 5     | 25    | 649.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3305  | 8.0   | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1954  | 16.5  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3340  | 10    | 50    | 3340  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 25-n7 |       | 912.5 |       |       | 992,5 |       |       |       |
| 1-n85 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 665.5 | 5     | 25    | 619.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | N/A   | 5     | 25    | 743.5 | 4.2   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 16.5  | FDD   | IM    |
| 25-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^2^ |
| 7-n85 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3375  | 10    | 50    | 3375  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 707.5 | 5     | 25    | 737.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3315  | 16.0  | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 707.5 | 5     | 25    | 737.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n26   | 830   | 5     | 25    | 875   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 26-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n29   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 720   | 9.4   | SDL   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2170  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n26   | 829   | 5     | 25    | 874   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 26-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3622  | 3.6   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n26   | 826.5 | 5     | 25    | 871.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 26-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n70 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | 3653  | 10    | 50    | 3653  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2000  | 13.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n26   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 892   | 4.2   | FDD   | IMD5  |
| 26-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n71 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2170  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 665.5 | 5     | 25    | 619.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n26   | 845   | 5     | 25    | 890   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 26-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 2175  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3465  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 826.5 | 5     | 25    | 871.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 712.5 |       |       | 112.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4192  | 8.2   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1735  | 5     | 25    | 2135  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3535  | 3.3   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 826.5 | 5     | 25    | 871.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2142  | 13.2  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3795  | 10    | 50    | 3795  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n26   | 845   | 5     | 25    | 890   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 26-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1700  | 5     | 25    | 2000  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3390  | 16.1  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 826.5 | 5     | 25    | 871.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1700  | 5     | 25    | 2000  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4     | 8.2   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       | 179.5 |       |       | D4^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1700  | 5     | 25    | 2000  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3430  | 3.3   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 826.5 | 5     | 25    | 871.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2000  | 13.2  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3653  | 10    | 50    | 3653  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 790   | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 28-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1915  | 5     | 25    | 1915  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 762   | 29.3  | FDD   | IMD2  |
| 28-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1923  | 5     | 25    | 1923  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2685  | 10    | 50    | 2685  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | 715   | 5     | 25    | 770   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 28-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 902.5 |       |       | 902.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4520  | 40    | 216   | 4520  | 6.7   | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 727.5 | 5     | 25    | 782.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 902.5 |       |       | 902.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4980  | 40    | 216   | 4980  | 4.0   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 715.5 | 5     | 25    | 770.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1898  | 5     | 25    | 1898  | 5.7   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4760  | 40    | 216   | 4760  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 730   | 5     | 25    | 785   | 15.6  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 887.5 |       |       | 887.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4560  | 40    | 216   | 4560  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 725   | 5     | 25    | 780   | 8.5   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1900  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4920  | 40    | 216   | 4920  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 765   | 7.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 28-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 302.5 |       |       | 302.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2685  | 10    | 50    | 2685  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 740   | 5     | 25    | 795   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2380  | 5     | 25    | 2380  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2540  | 11.4  | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 800.5 | 11    | FDD   | IM    |
| 28-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 302.5 |       |       | 302.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3795  | 10    | 50    | 3795  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 708   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3726  | 26.7  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 708   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2390  | 12.3  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3806  | 10    | 50    | 3806  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 800.5 | 11    | FDD   | IMD3  |
| 28-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 302.5 |       |       | 302.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3795  | 10    | 50    | 3795  | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 708   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3726  | 26.7  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 708   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2379  | 12.3  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3795  | 10    | 50    | 3795  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | 730   | 5     | 25    | 785   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 28-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2350  | 5     | 50    | 2350  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4540  | 10.7  | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 720   | 5     | 25    | 775   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2340  | 9.2   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4500  | 40    | 216   | 4500  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n41   | 2642  | 5     | 25    | 2642  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 28-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3440  | 10    | 50    | 3440  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 798   | 30.8  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2     | 10    | 50    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 567.5 |       |       | 567.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3460  | 10    | 50    | 3460  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 782.5 | 3.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 738   | 5     | 25    | 793   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3380  | 10    | 50    | 3380  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2642  | 29.5  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2580  | 5     | 25    | 2580  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 743   | 5     | 25    | 798   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3323  | 28.2  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | 738   | 5     | 25    | 793   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 28-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3380  | 10    | 50    | 3380  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2642  | 29.5  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2642  | 5     | 25    | 2642  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3440  | 10    | 50    | 3440  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 798   | 30.8  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2565  | 5     | 25    | 2565  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 745   | 5     | 25    | 800   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3310  | 29.7  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 780   | 13.0  | FDD   | IM    |
| 28-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
| 1-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2600  | 10    | 50    | 2600  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 40    | 216   | 4420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 720   | 5     | 25    | 775   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2600  | 10    | 50    | 2600  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4480  | 10.1  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 735   | 5     | 25    | 790   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2645  | 10.4  | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4850  | 40    | 216   | 4850  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | 710   | 5     | 25    | 765   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 28-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | 5170  | 20    | 100   | 5170  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3750  | 17    | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 780   | 16    | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | 5900  | 20    | 100   | 5900  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3340  | 10    | 50    | 3340  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 740   | 5     | 25    | 795   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | N/A   | 20    | N/A   | 5900  | 22    | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3320  | 10    | 50    | 3320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n77   | 3620  | 10    | 50    | 3620  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 28-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 40    | 216   | 4420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 745   | 5     | 25    | 800   | 16.2  | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | 740   | 5     | 25    | 795   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 28-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3700  | 10    | 50    | 3700  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4440  | 26.2  | TDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD2^1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,3,4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 740   | 5     | 25    | 795   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3700  | 26.9  | TDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^3,4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4440  | 40    | 216   | 4440  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 800   | 16.2  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3620  | 10    | 50    | 3620  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 40    | 216   | 4420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n28   | 710   | 5     | 25    | 765   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n102 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3380  | 5     | 25    | 3380  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 6050  | 22    | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 730   | 5     | 25    | 785   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 3755  | 10.3  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | 5945  | 40    | 216   | 5945  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 775   | 16    | FDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3395  | 5     | 25    | 3395  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | 6015  | 40    | 216   | 6015  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n29   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 719.5 | 4.5   | SDL   | IMD5  |
| 29-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 307.5 |       |       | 352.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 777.5 |       |       | 177.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n29   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 722   | 15.2  | SDL   | IM    |
| 29-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3898  | 10    | 50    | 3898  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n29   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 722   | 15.2  | SDL   | IM    |
| 29-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1734  | 5     | 25    | 2134  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4190  | 10    | 50    | 4190  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2355  | 29.2  | FDD   | IM    |
| 30-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^5^ |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1745  | 5     | 25    | 2145  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4100  | 10    | 50    | 4100  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2355  | 3.4   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1735  | 5     | 25    | 2135  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3780  | 10    | 50    | 3780  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 8.7   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3390  | 10    | 50    | 3390  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1745  | 5     | 25    | 2145  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4055  | 28.4  | TDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n34   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 34-n3 |       | 022.5 |       |       | 022.5 |       |       |       |
| 9-n40 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 882.5 |       |       | 882.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 2.4   | TDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 302.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n34   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2015  | 18.3  | TDD   | IM    |
| 34-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
| 0-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 302.5 |       |       | 302.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2590  | 10    | 50    | 2590  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n34   | 2020  | 5     | 25    | 2020  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2320  | 5     | 25    | 2320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2620  | 10    | 50    | 2620  | 16.5  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n34   | 2020  | 5     | 25    | 2020  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 34-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2660  | 5     | 25    | 2660  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4680  | 40    | 216   | 4680  | 19.3  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n34   | 2020  | 5     | 25    | 2020  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2550  | 27.2  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4570  | 40    | 216   | 4570  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n34   | 2015  | 5     | 25    | 2015  | 28.6  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2585  | 5     | 25    | 2585  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4600  | 40    | 216   | 4600  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n34   | 2015  | 5     | 25    | 2015  | 7.5   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2515  | 5     | 25    | 2515  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4780  | 40    | 216   | 4780  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n38   | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2550  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 38-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2150  | 8.7   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3625  | 10    | 50    | 3625  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n38   | 2610  | 5     | 25    | 2610  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3460  | 15.0  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n39   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 39-n4 |       | 917.5 |       |       | 917.5 |       |       |       |
| 0-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 302.5 |       |       | 302.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2685  | 30.3  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1915  | 27.4  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 302.5 |       |       | 302.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2685  | 10    | 50    | 2685  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n39   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 39-n4 |       | 917.5 |       |       | 917.5 |       |       |       |
| 0-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 302.5 |       |       | 302.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4980  | 5.8   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n39   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 39-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^9^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1900  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2650  | 29.8  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4550  | 40    | 216   | 4550  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n39   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1900  | 28.9  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2650  | 10    | 50    | 2650  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4550  | 40    | 216   | 4550  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n40   | 2340  | 5     | 25    | 2340  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 40-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2600  | 10    | 50    | 2600  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 4940  | 30.5  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2335  | 31    | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2545  | 10    | 50    | 2545  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4880  | 40    | 216   | 4880  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2340  | 5     | 25    | 2340  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2600  | 29.4  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4880  | 40    | 216   | 4940  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n105 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3789  | 10    | 50    | 3789  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 648   | 3.3   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3708  | 16    | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 699   | 5     | 25    | 648   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n40   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2310  | 15.7  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3708  | 10    | 50    | 3708  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n105  | 699   | 5     | 25    | 648   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n41   | 2600  | 5     | 25    | 2600  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 41-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 2130  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3470  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2670  | 5.2   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1715  | 5     | 25    | 2115  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4190  | 10    | 50    | 4190  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2640  | 5     | 25    | 2640  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 9.0   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n41   | 2560  | 5     | 25    | 2560  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 41-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 2130  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3390  | 16.1  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2530  | 5     | 25    | 2530  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 9.0   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3610  | 10    | 50    | 3610  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 27.6  | TDD   | IMD2  |
| 41-n6 |       |       |       |       | 498.5 |       |       |       |
| 6-n85 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 777.5 |       |       | 197.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 713.5 | 5     | 25    | 743.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2501  | 5     | 25    | 2501  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2190  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 731   | 31    | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n41   | 2655  | 10    | 50    | 2655  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 41-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2000  | 17.6  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3310  | 10    | 50    | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2565  | 10    | 50    | 2565  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2000  | 8.6   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3565  | 10    | 50    | 3565  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2480  | 5.3   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1700  | 5     | 25    | 2000  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3790  | 10    | 50    | 3790  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2545  | 10    | 50    | 2545  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1700  | 5     | 25    | 2000  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3390  | 16.1  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n41   | 2615  | 5     | 25    | 2615  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 41-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3308  | 29.1  | TDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2564  | 5     | 25    | 2564  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3950  | 16.3  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2580  | 5     | 25    | 2580  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3774  | 10.3  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2615  | 28.7  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3308  | 10    | 50    | 3308  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2564  | 15.5  | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3950  | 10    | 50    | 3950  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 41    | 2680  | 5     | 25    | 2680  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 640   | 30.8  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3320  | 10    | 50    | 3320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n41   | 2615  | 5     | 25    | 2615  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 41-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3308  | 29.1  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2580  | 5     | 25    | 2580  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3774  | 10.3  | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2615  | 28.7  | TDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3308  | 10    | 50    | 3308  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 41    | 2642  | 5     | 25    | 2642  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 798   | 30.8  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3440  | 10    | 50    | 3440  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n77   | 3600  | 10    | 50    | 3600  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 41-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4600  | 40    | 216   | 4600  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2600  | 10.7  | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n41   | 2687  | 5     | 25    | 2687  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 41-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n85 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3420  | 10    | 50    | 3420  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 733   | 30.8  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2 619 | 29.5  | TDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^4.5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3320  | 10    | 50    | 3320  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 701   | 5     | 25    | 731   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2680  | 5     | 25    | 2680  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3393  | 10    | N/A   | 3393  | 28.2  | TDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ^4,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 713   | 5     | 25    | 743   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n46   | 5315  | 20    | 100   | 5315  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n102 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3770  | 10    | 50    | 3770  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | N/A   | 40    | N/A   | 5995  | N/    | TDD   | IMD4  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | A^12^ |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n46   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 5530  | N/    | TDD   | IMD4  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | A^12^ |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3550  | 10    | 50    | 3550  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n102  | 6315  | 40    | 216   | 6315  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n48   | 3625  | 10    | 50    | 3625  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 48-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6-n70 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 2.8   | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 142.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 702.5 |       |       | 002.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | 3645  | 10    | 50    | 3645  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 762.5 |       |       | 162.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 3.1   | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 002.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n48   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
| 48-n6 |       | 552.5 |       |       | 552.5 |       |       |       |
| 6-n71 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 14.4  | FDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 161.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 695.5 | 5     | 25    | 649.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3695  | 5.2   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 712.5 |       |       | 112.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 665.5 | 5     | 25    | 619.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n48   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3694  | 9     | TDD   | IM    |
| 48-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^1^ |
| 0-n71 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 697.5 |       |       | 997.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 665.5 | 5     | 25    | 619.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n48   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 48-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n48   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D2^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 66-n7 |       | 757.5 |       |       | 157.5 |       |       |       |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 32.1  | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 007.5 |       |       | ^2,1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3765  | 10    | 50    | 3765  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 29.2  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       | 162.5 |       |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 702.5 |       |       | 002.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3865  | 10    | 50    | 3865  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 66-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2000  | 32.1  | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3760  | 10    | 50    | 3760  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2170  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2000  | 9.1   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3310  | 10    | 50    | 3310  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2000  | 2.1   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3640  | 10    | 50    | 3640  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 5.0   | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1700  | 5     | 25    | 2000  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3630  | 10    | 50    | 3630  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n66   | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 66-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 668   | 5     | 25    | 622   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 4108  | 15.9  | TDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | MD3^1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ,2,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2150  | 15.5  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 690   | 5     | 25    | 644   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3530  | 10    | 50    | 3530  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 640   | 15.3  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4080  | 10    | 50    | 4080  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n66   | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 66-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 668   | 5     | 25    | 622   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3724  | 9     | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 15.5  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3546  | 10    | 50    | 3546  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n66   | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 66-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7-n85 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4180  | 10    | 50    | 4180  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 740   | 23.5  | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2124  | 21.4  | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n85   | 708   | 5     | 25    | 738   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n70   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
| 70-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 702.5 |       |       | 002.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 680.5 | 5     | 25    | 834.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3745  | 8.2   | TDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 702.5 |       |       | 002.5 |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 680.5 | 5     | 25    | 834.5 | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3745  | 3.3   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n70   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | D4^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD5  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD4  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UEs   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| suppo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rting |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| inter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -band |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ggreg |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| si    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| multa |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| neous |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Rx/Tx |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apabi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lity. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Si    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| multa |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| neous |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Rx/Tx |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| capab |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ility |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| does  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UEs   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| suppo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rting |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n78   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| imple |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| menta |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD3  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12 of |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.2-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| shall |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| set   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n(+20 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dBm,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P~CMA |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| X\_L, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f,c~) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lause |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .2A.4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| There |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is no |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD2  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oduct |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n79   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n79   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ating |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4800  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| --    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5000  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ange. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 10:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| intra |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -band |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| non-  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| conti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| guous |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| conf  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igura |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equir |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ement |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ap    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plies |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| both  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD2  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD3  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pro   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ducts |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gener |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ated. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is a  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| share |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spe   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ctrum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ccess |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| no    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| def   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ined. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 13:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to a  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| near  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| issed |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| IMD2  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spe   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ctrum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| anges |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 34    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 50-35 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 50MHz |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 370   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0-398 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0MHz. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 7.3A.5-2a: 3DL/2UL interband Reference sensitivity QPSK P~REFSENS~
and uplink/downlink configurations for PC2 CA

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| Band  | S     |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| /     | ource |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| Ch    | of    |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| annel | IMD   |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| N~RB~ |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| D     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| uplex |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| mode  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| NR CA | NR    | UL    | UL/DL | UL\   | DL    | MSD\ | D     |       |
| band  | band  | F~c~\ | BW\   | L     | F~c~  | (dB) | uplex |       |
| c     |       | (MHz) | (MHz) | ~CRB~ | (MHz) |      | mode  |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 3-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 37.5 | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 807.5 |      |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3     | 10    | 50    | 3     | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 757.5 |       |       | 757.5 |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 37.0 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1775  | 5     | 25    | 1870  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3915  | 10    | 50    | 3915  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 3-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1830  | 33.9 | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3780  | 10    | 50    | 3780  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | 1750  | 5     | 25    | 1845  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 3-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4860  | 40    | 216   | 4860  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 18.7 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n1    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n1-n |       | 977.5 |       |       | 167.5 |      |       |       |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 20.6 | FDD   | IMD4  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 627.5 |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 20.1 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2510  | 10    | 50    | 2630  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3580  | 10    | 50    | 3580  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1923  | 5     | 25    | 2113  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 8-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 762   | 36.6 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2685  | 10    | 50    | 2685  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3320  | 10    | 50    | 3320  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 790   | 16.5 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 740   | 5     | 25    | 795   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3630  | 10    | 50    | 3630  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2150  | 24.7 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2150  | 24.6 | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n1-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 740   | 5     | 25    | 795   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3630  | 10    | 50    | 3630  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 794   | 17.2 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3352  | 10    | 50    | 3352  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1930  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 8-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4648  | 40    | 216   | 4648  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 788   | 24.2 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 745.5 | 5     | 25    | 800.5 | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 40    | 216   | 4420  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2     | 13.4 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       | 167.5 |      |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1950  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | 24.6 | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n1-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^1,2^ |
| 7-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3400  | 10    | 50    | 3400  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4660  | 40    | 216   | 4660  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n1    | 1970  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n1-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2650  | 10    | 50    | 2650  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3330  | 28.2 | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | 1975  | 5     | 10    | 2165  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3410  | 10    | 50    | 3410  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 2515  | 22.0 | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2640  | 10    | 50    | 2640  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3710  | 10    | 50    | 3710  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n1    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2140  | 21.4 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n2    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| _n2-n |       | 907.5 |       |       | 987.5 |      |       |       |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 887.5 | 13.6 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1987  | 24.8 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3680  | 10    | 50    | 3680  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 24,8 | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n2-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^2,5^ |
| 2-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 707.5 | 5     | 25    | 737.5 | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3375  | 10    | 50    | 3375  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1954  | 24.8 | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n2-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 4-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1986  | 19.3 | FDD   | IM    |
| n2-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D4^5^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2312  | 5     | 25    | 2357  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1905  | 5     | 25    | 1985  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2354  | 22.2 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D4^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3361  | 10    | 50    | 3361  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | 1860  | 5     | 25    | 1940  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2354  | 12.9 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3967  | 10    | 50    | 3967  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n2    | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n2-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2115  | 34.7 | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3970  | 10    | 50    | 3970  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n2    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 37.6 | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1820  | 26.6 | FDD   | IMD3  |
| _n3-n |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2565  | 5     | 25    | 2685  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3310  | 10    | 50    | 3310  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1820  | 17   | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2565  | 5     | 25    | 2685  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3475  | 10    | 50    | 3475  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1865  | 24.2 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3505  | 10    | 50    | 3505  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 8-n41 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 790   | 32   | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2510  | 5     | 25    | 2510  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1     | 32   | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       | 832.5 |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 710.5 | 5     | 25    | 765.5 | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2543  | 10    | 50    | 2543  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1     | 5     | 25    | 1     | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n2 |       | 712.5 |       |       | 807.5 |      |       |       |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 770   | 24.2 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4195  | 10    | 50    | 4195  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1850  | 25.8 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 735   | 5     | 25    | 790   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3320  | 10    | 50    | 3320  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1850  | 29.2 | FDD   | IMD3  |
| n3-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 735   | 5     | 25    | 790   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3320  | 10    | 50    | 3320  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 1865  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 8-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4530  | 40    | 216   | 4530  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 780   | 21.5 | FDD   | IMD4  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | \     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | |3\*f |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ~Bn3~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | -f~Bn |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | 79~\| |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 725   | 5     | 25    | 780   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4770  | 40    | 216   | 4770  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1870  | 20.5 | FDD   | IMD5  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | \|    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | 4\*f~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | Bn28~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | -f~Bn |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | 79~\| |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2580  | 5     | 25    | 2580  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3440  | 25.6 | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1840  | 25.1 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2620  | 5     | 25    | 2620  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3400  | 10    | 50    | 3400  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 1815  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2640  | 13   | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3900  | 10    | 50    | 3900  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n77   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n3-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 7-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4840  | 40    | 216   | 4840  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n3    | 1765  | 5     | 25    | 1860  | 24.2 | TDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | MD3^1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ,\ 2^ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | \|    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | 2\*f~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | Bn77~ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | -f~Bn |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | 79~\| |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 879   | 35.2 | FDD   | IMD2  |
| _n5-n |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^1,4^ |
| 7-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3429  | 10    | 50    | 3429  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2645  | 35.1 | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3489  | 10    | 50    | 3489  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 879   | 35.2 | FDD   | IM    |
| _n5-n |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D2^1^ |
| 7-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3429  | 10    | 50    | 3429  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2645  | 35.1 | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3489  | 10    | 50    | 3489  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 14.0 | FDD   | IMD5  |
| n5-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 2-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 707.5 | 5     | 25    | 737.5 | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3710  | 10    | 50    | 3710  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 740   | 14.9 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4080  | 10    | 50    | 4080  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 14.0 | FDD   | IM    |
| n5-n1 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D5^5^ |
| 4-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4052  | 10    | 50    | 4052  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 765.5 | 20.3 | FDD   | IMD4  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^1.5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 889   | 13.6 | FDD   | IM    |
| n5-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D5^5^ |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1907  | 5     | 25    | 1987  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1987  | 24.8 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3680  | 10    | 25    | 3680  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 889   | 13.6 | FDD   | IMD5  |
| n5-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 5-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1907  | 5     | 25    | 1987  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3305  | 10    | 50    | 3305  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 846.5 | 5     | 25    | 891.5 | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1987  | 24.8 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3680  | 10    | 50    | 3680  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 9-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n29   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 722   | 14.9 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4062  | 10    | 50    | 4062  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 880   | 23.5 | FDD   | IM    |
| n5-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^1^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3740  | 10    | 50    | 3740  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n5    | 835   | 5     | 25    | 880   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2355  | 21.4 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4025  | 10    | 50    | 4025  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n5    | 826.5 | 5     | 25    | 871.5 | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n5-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2142  | 22.2 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3795  | 10    | 50    | 3795  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1950  | 20.0 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3525  | 10    | 50    | 3525  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2640  | 18.8 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1870  | 5     | 25    | 1950  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4125  | 10    | 50    | 4125  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2150  | 20.5 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3625  | 10    | 50    | 3625  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2640  | 18.8 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3900  | 10    | 50    | 3900  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2670  | 34.6 | FDD   | IMD2  |
| n7-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 680   | 5     | 25    | 634   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 879   | 36.2 | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3429  | 10    | 50    | 3429  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | 2525  | 5     | 25    | 2645  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 875   | 15.7 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2645  | 36.1 | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n26   | 844   | 5     | 25    | 889   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3489  | 10    | 50    | 3489  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n2 |       | 567.5 |       |       | 687.5 |      |       |       |
| 8-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 782.5 | 33.8 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D2^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n7    | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2650  | 35.5 | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 740   | 5     | 25    | 795   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3390  | 10    | 50    | 3390  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | n7    | 2540  | 5     | 25    | 2660  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| n7-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | 20.5 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3620  | 10    | 50    | 3620  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n12   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 740   | 23.5 | FDD   | IM    |
| 12-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^1^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3880  | 10    | 50    | 3880  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 707.5 | 5     | 25    | 737.5 | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2355  | 21.4 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3770  | 10    | 50    | 3770  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n12   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 740   | 23.5 | FDD   | IM    |
| 12-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^5^ |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4180  | 10    | 50    | 4180  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n12   | 707   | 5     | 25    | 737   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2126  | 21.4 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n13   | 782   | 5     | 25    | 751   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| 13-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 5-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 24.0 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3524  | 10    | 50    | 3524  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n13   | 782   | 5     | 25    | 751   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| 13-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2146  | 26.0 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3710  | 10    | 50    | 3710  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n13   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 750   | 24.1 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1710  | 5     | 25    | 2110  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4170  | 10    | 50    | 4170  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n14   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 763   | 23.5 | FDD   | IM    |
| 14-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^1^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3857  | 10    | 50    | 3857  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2355  | 21.4 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3941  | 10    | 50    | 3941  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n14   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 763   | 23.5 | FDD   | IM    |
| 14-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^5^ |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1     | 5     | 25    | 2     | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
|       |       | 712.5 |       |       | 112.5 |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4188  | 10    | 50    | 4188  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n14   | 793   | 5     | 25    | 763   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2155  | 21.4 | FDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3741  | 10    | 50    | 3741  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| 18-n2 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 8-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 778   | 17.5 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4058  | 10    | 50    | 4058  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 865   | 12.1 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 723   | 5     | 25    | 778   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3757  | 10    | 50    | 3757  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| 18-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2570  | 5     | 25    | 2570  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3390  | 33.0 | TDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^2,4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | 820   | 5     | 25    | 865   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2630  | 32.6 | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3450  | 10    | 50    | 3450  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n18   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 870   | 33.8 | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^1,4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2590  | 10    | 50    | 2590  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3460  | 10    | 50    | 3460  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1940  | 22.7 | FDD   | IMD4  |
| 25-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1-n66 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2685  | 10    | 50    | 2685  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1715  | 5     | 25    | 2115  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | 1870  | 5     | 25    | 1950  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| 25-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2670  | 5     | 25    | 2670  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3470  | 23.7 | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2525  | 5     | 25    | 2645  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3775  | 17.2 | TDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1870  | 5     | 25    | 1950  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2640  | 18.8 | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4125  | 10    | 50    | 4125  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1950  | 26.5 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2675  | 5     | 25    | 2675  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3400  | 10    | 50    | 3400  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1950  | 20.0 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2550  | 5     | 25    | 2685  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3525  | 10    | 50    | 3525  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | 1855  | 5     | 25    | 1935  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| 25-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2115  | 35.2 | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3970  | 10    | 50    | 3970  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 22.0 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3540  | 10    | 50    | 3540  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1900  | 5     | 25    | 1980  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 16.9 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3930  | 10    | 50    | 3930  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 38.1 | FDD   | IMD2  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 20.6 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D4^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1770  | 5     | 25    | 2170  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3350  | 10    | 50    | 3350  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1960  | 13.2 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3620  | 10    | 50    | 3620  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | M/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| 25-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1740  | 5     | 25    | 2140  | 21.1 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3500  | 10    | 50    | 3500  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n25   | 1880  | 5     | 25    | 1960  | 37.6 | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1760  | 5     | 25    | 2160  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n78   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n25   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 1954  | 25.4 | FDD   | IMD3  |
| 25-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^2,5^ |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3340  | 10    | 50    | 3340  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n28   | 743   | 5     | 25    | 798   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
| 28-n4 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2580  | 5     | 25    | 2580  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3323  | 34.2 | TDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^2,4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 798   | 36.8 | FDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^1,4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2642  | 5     | 25    | 2642  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3440  | 10    | 50    | 3440  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 738   | 5     | 25    | 793   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2642  | 35.5 | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D2^4^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3380  | 10    | 50    | 3380  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n77   | 3620  | 10    | 50    | 3620  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
| 28-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 7-n79 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n79   | 4420  | 40    | 216   | 4420  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n28   | 745   | 5     | 25    | 800   | 22.7 | FDD   | I     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | MD2^1 |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ,\ 2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n29   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 722   | 23.5 | FDD   | IM    |
| 29-n3 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^1^ |
| 0-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3898  | 10    | 50    | 3898  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n29   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 722   | 23.5 | FDD   | IM    |
| 29-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^5^ |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1734  | 5     | 25    | 2134  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4190  | 10    | 50    | 4190  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2355  | 34.2 | FDD   | IM    |
| 30-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D2^5^ |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1745  | 5     | 25    | 2145  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4100  | 10    | 50    | 4100  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2355  | 12.9 | FDD   | IMD5  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1735  | 5     | 25    | 2135  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3780  | 10    | 50    | 3780  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n30   | 2310  | 5     | 25    | 2355  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 19.2 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D4^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3390  | 10    | 50    | 3390  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n41   | 2600  | 5     | 25    | 2600  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
| 41-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1730  | 5     | 25    | 2130  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3470  | 25.0 | TDD   | IMD3  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^1,2^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2670  | 18.7 | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D5^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1715  | 5     | 25    | 2115  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4190  | 10    | 50    | 4190  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2640  | 5     | 25    | 2640  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2160  | 20.5 | FDD   | IMD4  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3720  | 10    | 50    | 3720  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n41   | 2615  | 5     | 25    | 2615  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
| 41-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3308  | 35.1 | TDD   | IMD2  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | ^1,5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2564  | 5     | 25    | 2564  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3950  | 25.2 | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | 2580  | 5     | 25    | 2580  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | N/A   | 10    | N/A   | 3774  | 21.9 | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D4^1^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2615  | 34.7 | TDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D2^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3308  | 10    | 50    | 3308  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n41   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2564  | 24.4 | TDD   | IMD3  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 693   | 5     | 25    | 647   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3950  | 10    | 50    | 3950  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | 41    | 2680  | 5     | 25    | 2680  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 640   | 36.8 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D2^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3320  | 10    | 50    | 3320  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | n66   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 2150  | 24.4 | FDD   | IM    |
| 66-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^2^ |
| 1-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | 690   | 5     | 25    | 644   | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 3530  | 10    | 50    | 3530  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n66   | 1720  | 5     | 25    | 2120  | N/A  | FDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n71   | N/A   | 5     | N/A   | 640   | 24.2 | FDD   | IM    |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       | D3^5^ |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
|       | n77   | 4080  | 10    | 50    | 4080  | N/A  | TDD   | N/A   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| IMD5  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| IMD4  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| UEs   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| suppo |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| rting |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| inter |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| -band |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| a     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ggreg |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| si    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| multa |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| neous |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| Rx/Tx |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| apabi |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| lity. |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| Si    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| multa |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| neous |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| Rx/Tx |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| capab |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ility |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| does  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| UEs   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| suppo |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| rting |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| n78   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| a n77 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| imple |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| menta |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| tion. |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| bject |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| IMD3  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| also  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| sup   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ports |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| n77   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| r     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| estri |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ction |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 12 of |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 5.2-1 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| lies, |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| poi   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| nt(s) |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ski   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| pped. |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| Both  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| tters |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| shall |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| set   |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| mi    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| n(+23 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| dBm,  |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| P~CMA |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| X\_L, |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| f,c~) |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| lause |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| 6     |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
| .2A.4 |       |       |       |       |       |      |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+

### 7.3A.6 Reference sensitivity exceptions due to cross band isolation for CA

Sensitivity degradation is allowed for a band if it is impacted by UL of
another band part which belongs to NR band of the same NR CA
configuration due to cross band isolation issues. The reference
sensitivity degradation for the victim band due to cross band isolation
is specified only for the specific uplink and downlink test points
specified in Table 7.3A.6-1 for either PC3 and PC2 NR CA from a PC3
aggressor NR UL band, and for PC2 NR CA, in Table 7.3A.6-1afrom a PC2
aggressor NR UL band, and in Table 7.3A.6-1b from a PC1.5 aggressor NR
single band uplink, and in Table 7.3A.6-3 when a DL band \< 1 GHz is
victim of two simultaneous PC3 aggressor NR UL bands.

In Tables 7.3A.6-1, 7.3A.6-1a and 7.3A.6-1b the following terminology is
used to define the source of cross-band isolation interference:

\- "ACLR1" indicates that the first adjacent channel of the aggressor UL
band falls into the Rx channel of victim band.

\- "ACLR2" indicates that the second adjacent channel of the aggressor
UL band falls into the Rx channel of victim band.

\- "\>ACLR2" indicates that neither the first, nor the second adjacent
channel of the aggressor UL band falls into the Rx channel of victim
band.

In Table 7.3A.6-3 only two DL / two UL \< 1 GHz bands cases where one DL
is simulateneously victim of UL channel ACLR1 of one band and UL channel
ACLR1 or 2 of the other band are specified.

Table 7.3A.6-1: Reference sensitivity exceptions (MSD) and
uplink/downlink configurations due to cross band isolation from a PC3
aggressor NR UL band for NR CA FR1

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>UL band</th>
<th>DL band</th>
<th>UL F<sub>c</sub></th>
<th>UL BW</th>
<th>SCS of UL band</th>
<th>UL RB Allocation</th>
<th>DL F<sub>c</sub></th>
<th>DL BW</th>
<th>MSD</th>
<th><p>Cross-band</p>
<p>Interference</p>
<p>source</p></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(kHz)</td>
<td>L<sub>CRB</sub></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(dB)</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td><strong>1922.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>25 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1877.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>1945</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>128 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>1877.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>19.7</td>
<td>ACLR1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n38</td>
<td><strong>1955</strong></td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>128 (RBstart=142)</strong></td>
<td>2572.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>2.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n38</td>
<td><strong>1955</strong></td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>128 (RBstart=142)</strong></td>
<td>2590</td>
<td>40</td>
<td><strong>2.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n40</td>
<td><strong>1955</strong></td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>128 (RBstart=142)</strong></td>
<td>2302.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>6.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n40</td>
<td><strong>1970</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>100 (RBstart=6)</strong></td>
<td>2302.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>6.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>1955</strong></td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>128 (RBstart=142)</strong></td>
<td>2501</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>6.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>1970</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>100 (RBstart=6)</strong></td>
<td>2546</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>0.7</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n3</td>
<td>n39</td>
<td><strong>1770</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>50 (RBstart=110)</strong></td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>2.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n3</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>50 (RBstart=220)</td>
<td>2501</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0.7</td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n3</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>50 (RBstart=220)</td>
<td>2546</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>0.7</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n3</td>
<td>n74</td>
<td><strong>1712.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>25 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1515.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>2.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n3</td>
<td>n75</td>
<td>1712.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>1515.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>4.3</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n5</td>
<td>n8</td>
<td><strong>844</strong></td>
<td><strong>10</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>25 (RBstart=27)</strong></td>
<td>951.5</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>2.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n5</td>
<td>n13</td>
<td><strong>834</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>753.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>2.4</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n5</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td><strong>834</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>800.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>17.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n5</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>649.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>3.9</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n5</td>
<td>n105</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>649.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>3.3</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n7</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td><strong>2525</strong></td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>45 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1877.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>0.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n7</td>
<td>n40</td>
<td><strong>2525</strong></td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>45 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2397.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>3.7</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n12</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>706.5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>649.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>3.8</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n13</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td><strong>782</strong></td>
<td><strong>10</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20 (RBstart=32)</strong></td>
<td>871.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>2.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n18</td>
<td>n28<sup>5</sup></td>
<td><strong>822.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>25 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>800.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>31.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR1</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n18</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td><strong>822.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>25 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>785.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>12.7</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n26</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>824</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>800.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>36.9</td>
<td>ACLR1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n26</td>
<td>n29</td>
<td>824</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>719.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>3.9</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n26</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>824</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>649.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>3.9</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n28</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td><strong>718</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>25 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>649.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>13.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n28</td>
<td>n105</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>649.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>12.1</td>
<td>ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n30</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>2310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>2197.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>8.3</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n34</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td><strong>2017.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>75 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1877.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n34</td>
<td>n40</td>
<td>2017.5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>75 (RBstart=4)</td>
<td>2302.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n34</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>2017.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>75 (RBstart=4)</strong></td>
<td><strong>2501</strong></td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>3.2</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n38</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td><strong>2590</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2167.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n38</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>2590</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>1987.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>0.6</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n38</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td><strong>2590</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1992.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>0.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n38</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>2590</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>2197.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>1.9</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n38</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td><strong>2600</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3305</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>8.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n39</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>1900</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2501</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>3.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n40</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>2340</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>270 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>2167.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>21.9</td>
<td>ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n40</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td><strong>2350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>2622.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>22.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n40</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td><strong>2350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>2645</td>
<td>50</td>
<td><strong>15.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n40</td>
<td>n34</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>270 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>2022.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>17.9</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n40</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>2350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>2501</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>28.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2167.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>18.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1987.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>0.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1877.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>0.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1992.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>0.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n34</td>
<td><strong>2456</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2022.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>7.2</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n39</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td><strong>1917.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>1.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n40</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2397.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>31.4</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td><strong>2680</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>3552.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>8.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2197.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>10.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n70</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2017.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>0.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td><strong>2640</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>3305</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>8.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td><strong>2640</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>3305</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>8.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n46</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td><strong>5190</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3697.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>13.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n46</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td><strong>5190</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3650</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>6.2</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n46</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>5190</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>216 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>3975</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>10.5</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n46</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>5190</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>216 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>3930</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>5.5</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n46</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td><strong>5190</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3795</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>10.4</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n46</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td><strong>5190</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>5.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n48</td>
<td>n41<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3570</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n48</td>
<td>n41<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3570</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n48</td>
<td>n46</td>
<td><strong>3680</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>5160</td>
<td>20</td>
<td><strong>15.7</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n48</td>
<td>n96</td>
<td><strong>3680</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>5935</td>
<td>20</td>
<td><strong>15.7</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n66</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td><strong>1760</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.2</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n66</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td><strong>1757.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>45</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>240 (RBstart=2)</strong></td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.4</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n66</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>1760</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2501</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>0.4</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>688</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20 (RBstart=86)</td>
<td>871.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>2.0</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n12</td>
<td>688</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20 (RBstart=86)</td>
<td>731.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>8.2</td>
<td>ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n26</td>
<td>688</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20 (RBstart=86)</td>
<td>861.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>2.0</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td><strong>688</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20 (RBstart=86)</strong></td>
<td>760.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>6.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n29</td>
<td><strong>688</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20 (RBstart=86)</strong></td>
<td>719.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>17.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n85</td>
<td><strong>688</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20 (RBstart=86)</strong></td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>8.2<sup>6</sup></strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n85</td>
<td><strong>680.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>35</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20 (Rbstart=168)</strong></td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>23<sup>7</sup></strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR1</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2687.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2395</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n41<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n41<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n7<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2687.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n38</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2617.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>3.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n38</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2600</td>
<td>40</td>
<td><strong>3.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2397.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n41<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n41<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>4.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n46</td>
<td><strong>3750</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>5160</td>
<td>20</td>
<td><strong>13.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td><strong>3750</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>4420</td>
<td>40</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td><strong>3750</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>4405</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n104</td>
<td><strong>3750</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>6435</td>
<td>20</td>
<td><strong>14.4</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td><strong>4450</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3795</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>2.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td><strong>4450</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>2.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n85</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td><strong>705.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20 (Rbstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>649.5</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>3.8</strong></td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n96</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td><strong>5965</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3697.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>13.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n96</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td><strong>5965</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3650</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>6.2</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n104</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>6475</td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3795</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>15.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n105</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20 (RBstart=86)</td>
<td>871.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>1.7</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n105</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20 (RBstart=86)</td>
<td>760.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>6.9</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Applicable only when harmonic mixing MSD for this combination is not applied.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 3: The requirements only apply for UEs supporting inter-band carrier aggregation with simultaneous Rx/Tx capability. Simultaneous Rx/Tx capability does not apply for UEs supporting band n78 with a n77 implementation.</p>
<p>NOTE 4: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 5: The MSD exceptions are applicable to the case that interference of UL band 3<sup>rd</sup> order IMD product falls into the affected DL channels.</p>
<p>NOTE 6: Applicable to UE not supporting n71 optional maximum symmetrical UL/DL channel bandwidth</p>
<p>NOTE 7: Applicable to UE supporting n71 optional maximum symmetrical UL/DL channel bandwidth</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 7.3A.6-1a-1: Reference sensitivity exceptions (MSD) and
uplink/downlink configurations due to cross band isolation from a PC2
aggressor NR UL band for NR CA FR1

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>UL band</th>
<th>DL band</th>
<th>UL F<sub>c</sub></th>
<th>UL BW</th>
<th>SCS of UL band</th>
<th>UL RB Allocation</th>
<th>DL F<sub>c</sub></th>
<th>DL BW</th>
<th>MSD</th>
<th><p>Cross-band</p>
<p>Interference</p>
<p>source</p></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(kHz)</td>
<td>L<sub>CRB</sub></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(dB)</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n2</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td><strong>1900</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>50 (RBstart=56)</strong></td>
<td>2112.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><p>0.7<sup>6</sup></p>
<p>0.9<sup>7</sup></p></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n3</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td>50 (RBstart=220)</td>
<td>2112.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><p>0.8<sup>6</sup></p>
<p><strong>1.1<sup>7</sup></strong></p></td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n3</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td>50 (RBstart=220)</td>
<td>2622.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><p>0.5<sup>6</sup></p>
<p>0.7<sup>7</sup></p></td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n7</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>2525</td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td>45 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>2167.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><p>0.8<sup>6</sup></p>
<p>1.1<sup>7</sup></p></td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n7</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>2525</td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td>45 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>1877.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><p>1.1<sup>6</sup></p>
<p>1.5<sup>7</sup></p></td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n25</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>1760</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>40 (RBstart=176)</strong></td>
<td>2501</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><p>0.8<sup>6</sup></p>
<p>1<sup>7</sup></p></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n25</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td><strong>1895</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>40 (RBstart=176)</strong></td>
<td>2112.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><p>0.7<sup>6</sup></p>
<p>0.9<sup>7</sup></p></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n39</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>2501</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>4.7</td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n40</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>270 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>1877.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>0.6</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n40</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>2350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td>270 (RBstart=3)</td>
<td><strong>2501</strong></td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>31.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2167.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>20.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1877.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>2.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1992.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n39</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td><strong>1917.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>2.7</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n40</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2397.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>34.4</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2197.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>13.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td><strong>2640</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>3305</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>10.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td><strong>2640</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>4405</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>3.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n66</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td>216 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><p><strong>1.9<sup>6</sup></strong></p>
<p><strong>3.3<sup>7</sup></strong></p></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n66</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>1757.5</td>
<td><strong>45</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td>240 (RBstart=2)</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><p><strong>2.2<sup>6</sup></strong></p>
<p><strong>3.8<sup>7</sup></strong></p></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n66</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>1760</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2501</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><p><strong>0.8<sup>6</sup></strong></p>
<p><strong>1<sup>7</sup></strong></p></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n85</td>
<td><strong>688</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20 (RBstart=86)</strong></td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><p><strong>10.9<sup>4,6</sup></strong></p>
<p><strong>15.9<sup>4,7</sup></strong></p></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n71</td>
<td>n85</td>
<td><strong>680.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>35</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20 (Rbstart=168)</strong></td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><p><strong>26<sup>5,6</sup></strong></p>
<p><strong>32.3<sup>5,7</sup></strong></p></td>
<td><strong>ACLR1</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1987.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.0</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>3350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>270 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>2687.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>6.5</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1992.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.0</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n30</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2357.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.0</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2395</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>6.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>6.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n41<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>6.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n41<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>6.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2197.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.0</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2687.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>6.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2395</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>6.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>1.2</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td><strong>3750</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>4405</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td><strong>3750</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>4450</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td><strong>4450</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>3.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td><strong>4450</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3795</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>5.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td><strong>4450</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>5.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Applicable only when harmonic mixing MSD for this combination is not applied.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: The requirements only apply for UEs supporting inter-band carrier aggregation with simultaneous Rx/Tx capability. Simultaneous Rx/Tx capability does not apply for UEs supporting band n78 with a n77 implementation.</p>
<p>NOTE 4: Applicable to UE not supporting n71 optional maximum symmetrical UL/DL channel bandwidth</p>
<p>NOTE 5: Applicable to UE supporting n71 optional maximum symmetrical UL/DL channel bandwidth.</p>
<p><strong>NOTE 6: Applicable to UE’s supporting PC2 with 1Tx</strong></p>
<p><strong>NOTE 7: Applicable to UE’s supporting PC2 with 2Tx</strong></p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 7.3A.6-1a-2: Void

Table 7.3A.6-1b: Reference sensitivity exceptions (MSD) and
uplink/downlink configurations due to cross band isolation from a PC1.5
aggressor NR single UL band for DL NR CA FR1

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>UL band</th>
<th>DL band</th>
<th>UL F<sub>c</sub></th>
<th>UL BW</th>
<th>SCS of UL band</th>
<th>UL RB Allocation</th>
<th>DL F<sub>c</sub></th>
<th>DL BW</th>
<th>MSD</th>
<th><p>Cross-band</p>
<p>Interference</p>
<p>source</p></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(kHz)</td>
<td>L<sub>CRB</sub></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(dB)</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n40</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>270 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>1877.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>1.2</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n40</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>270 (RBstart=3)</td>
<td>2501</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>37.9</td>
<td>ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>2546</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>270 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>2167.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>23.5</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1877.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>3.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1992.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>2.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n40</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2397.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>41.2</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td><strong>2521</strong></td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>128 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2197.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>7.7</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td><strong>2640</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>3305</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>13.3</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n39</td>
<td><strong>2546</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td><strong>1917.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>6.7</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n2</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1987.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n7</td>
<td>3350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>270 (RBstart=0)</td>
<td>2687.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>9.0</td>
<td>&gt;ACLR2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>1992.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n30</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2357.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2395</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>9.0</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>2.2</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n41<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>9.0</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n41<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>9.0</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2197.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>1.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2395</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>9.0</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n40<sup>1</sup></td>
<td><strong>3350</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>2.2</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td><strong>3750</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>4405</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td><strong>3750</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>4420</td>
<td>40</td>
<td><strong>8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td><strong>3750</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=3)</strong></td>
<td>4450</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td><strong>4450</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3795</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>8.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n78<sup>3</sup></td>
<td><strong>4450</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>270 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>8.6</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Applicable only when harmonic mixing MSD for this combination is not applied.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: The requirements only apply for UEs supporting inter-band carrier aggregation with simultaneous Rx/Tx capability. Simultaneous Rx/Tx capability does not apply for UEs supporting band n78 with a n77 implementation.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 7.3A.6-1c: Reference sensitivity exceptions (MSD) and
uplink/downlink configurations due to cross band isolation from a power
class 5 aggressor NR single UL band for DL NR CA FR1

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>UL band</th>
<th>DL band</th>
<th>UL F<sub>c</sub></th>
<th>UL BW</th>
<th>SCS of UL band</th>
<th>UL RB Allocation</th>
<th>DL F<sub>c</sub></th>
<th>DL BW</th>
<th>MSD</th>
<th><p>Cross-band</p>
<p>Interference</p>
<p>source</p></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(kHz)</td>
<td>L<sub>CRB</sub></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(dB)</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n46</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td><strong>5190</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3697.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>11</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n46</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td><strong>5190</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3650</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>3.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n46</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td><strong>5190</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3795</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>8.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n46</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td><strong>5190</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>2.8</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n96</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td><strong>5965</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3697.5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td><strong>11</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n96</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td><strong>5965</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>216 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>3650</td>
<td>100</td>
<td><strong>3.9</strong></td>
<td><strong>&gt;ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>NOTE 1: Void</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 7.3A.6-2: Void

Table 7.3A.6-3: Reference sensitivity exceptions (MSD) and
uplink/downlink configurations due to cross band isolation from two
simulataneous PC3 aggressor NR UL bands for NR CA FR1

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>UL band</th>
<th>DL band</th>
<th>UL F<sub>c</sub></th>
<th>UL BW</th>
<th>SCS of UL band</th>
<th>UL RB Allocation</th>
<th>DL F<sub>c</sub></th>
<th>DL BW</th>
<th>MSD</th>
<th><p>Cross-band</p>
<p>Interference</p>
<p>source</p></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(kHz)</td>
<td>L<sub>CRB</sub></td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(MHz)</td>
<td>(dB)</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n5</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td><strong>834</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>788</td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>3.1</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n28</td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>733</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>25 (RBstart=135)</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>ACLR1</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n26</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td><strong>824</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>25 (RBstart=0)</strong></td>
<td>788</td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>13.5</strong></td>
<td><strong>ACLR1</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n28</td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>733</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>25 (RBstart=135)</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>ACLR1</strong></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 7.3A.7 Lower-MSD requirements for inter-band CA

A UE can report better MSD performance than the minimum requirements as
specified in clause 7.3A.4, 7.3A.5 and 7.3A.6 by *lowerMSD-r18*
capability, except that the reporting for MSD caused by IMD with order
higher than 5, IMD of UL intra-band CA or triple-beat is not supported
in this release of the specification. The MSD performance after
improvement is categorized into different lower-MSD capability classes,
which are defined in Table 7.3A.7-1.

Table 7.3A.7-1: Lower-MSD capability classes

+----------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------+
| Lower-MSD capability class | Maximum allowed actual MSD | Remark            |
|                            |                            |                   |
|                            | (i.e. Threshold)           |                   |
+============================+============================+===================+
| I                          | 0 dB                       | Actual MSD ≤ 0dB  |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------+
| II                         | 3 dB                       | Actual MSD ≤ 3dB  |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------+
| III                        | 6 dB                       | Actual MSD ≤ 6dB  |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------+
| IV                         | 9 dB                       | Actual MSD ≤ 9dB  |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------+
| V                          | 12 dB                      | Actual MSD ≤ 12dB |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------+
| VI                         | 15 dB                      | Actual MSD ≤ 15dB |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------+
| VII                        | 18 dB                      | Actual MSD ≤ 18dB |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------+
| VIII                       | 22 dB                      | Actual MSD ≤ 22dB |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------+

The reported lower-MSD capability classes are subject to the same
uplink/downlink configurations as defined for the minimum MSD
requirements in clause 7.3A.4, 7.3A.5 and 7.3A.6. If a UE can support
more than one test points for a given REFSENS exception case, the
reported lower-MSD capability class is applicable for the test point
having the largest specified MSD value. Otherwise, it's only applicable
for the test point which can be supported by the UE. If one or multiple
power classes are requested by the network, the UE can, if supported,
report *lowerMSD-r18* capability for the requested power classes;
otherwise, the UE shall report *lowerMSD-r18* capability for the highest
supported power class for the given CA configuration.

The UE shall meet one of the following conditions in order to report
*lowerMSD-r18* capability for a given REFSENS exception case:

\- If the specified minimum requirement is tightly bounded by the range
of a lower-MSD capability class (i.e, Threshold~i-1~ \< MSD ≤
Threshold~i~, where i and (i-1) are two adjacent lower-MSD capability
classes), the actual MSD shall be at least one-level lower (i.e., actual
MSD ≤ Threshold~i-1~); or

\- If the specified minimum requirement is larger than the maximum
threshold (corresponding to lower-MSD capability class VIII), the actual
MSD shall be no more than the maximum threshold.

Otherwise, the UE shall not report *lowerMSD-r18* capability for this
REFSENS exception case.

If the special MSD type "ALL" is indicated in the *lowerMSD-r18*
capability, the reporting conditions as specified above shall be met for
each MSD type that has been specified in this release for the given CA
configuration.

NOTE 1: The *lowerMSD-r18* capability is verified by reusing the MSD
test point parameters and only replacing the minimum MSD requirement
value by the threshold of the reported lower-MSD capability class. UE
supporting lower MSD shall indicate the lower MSD capability for the
requested power class if supported. If no power class is explicitly
requested, the UE supporting lower MSD shall indicate the lower MSD
capability for the highest supported power class of the band combination
including victim band and aggressor band(s). And, similar to the
specified MSD minimum requirements, only the highest supported power
class or the power class required by the certification/regulation body
per UL configuration is verified.

NOTE 2: If the UE is equipped with four or eight Rx antenna ports for
the victim band of the BC, the *lowerMSD-r18* capability is verified
with four or eight Rx antenna ports according to clause 7.2 under the
condition mentioned above, but with the increased MSD values by the
absolute value of ΔR~IB,4R~ or ΔR~IB,8R~ applied for the requirement
based on the description in clause 7.3A.1.

7.3B Reference sensitivity for NR-DC
------------------------------------

For inter-band NR-DC configurations, the reference sensitivity for the
corresponding inter-band CA configuration as specified in clause 7.3A
applies.

7.3C Reference sensitivity for SUL
----------------------------------

### 7.3C.1 General

The reference sensitivity power level REFSENS is the minimum mean power
applied to each one of the UE antenna ports for all UE categories, at
which the throughput shall meet or exceed the requirements for the
specified reference measurement channel. For operations with 4 Rx or 8
Rx antenna ports, the MSD in the applicable bands shall be increased by
the absolute value of ΔR~IB,4R~ in Table 7.3.2-2 or ΔR~IB,8R~ in Table
7.3.2-2a when MSD \> 0.

For reference sensitivity exception test points where the specified
carrier frequency does not correspond to a valid NR-ARFCN, the closest
NR-ARFCN as specified in clause 5.4.2 applies.

For reference sensitivity level tests or reference sensitivity exception
tests specified in clause 7.3C, SCS=15kHz based UL test configuration
can be replaced by SCS=30kHz based UL test configuration. The equivalent
substitution relationship between different SCS UL test configuration is
shown in Table 7.3A.1-1 for the operating bands above 2.2GHz.

### 7.3C.2 Reference sensitivity power level for SUL

For SUL operation, the reference receive sensitivity (REFSENS)
requirement for downlink bands specified in Table 7.3.2-1a, Table
7.3.2-1b, Table 7.3.2-2 and Table 7.3.2-2a shall be met for an uplink
transmission bandwidth less than or equal to that specified in Table
7.3.2-3 or supplementary uplink transmission bandwidth less than or
equal to that specified in Table 7.3C.2-1 with reference measurement
channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2.2, A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one
sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described
in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1), unless sensitivity degradation is allowed in
this clause of this specification. These exceptions also apply to any
higher order CA or DC combination containing one of the exception
combinations in this clause as subset.

For SUL operation with downlink CA, the reference receive sensitivity
(REFSENS) requirement for downlink bands specified in clause 7.3A.2
shall be met for an uplink transmission bandwidth less than or equal to
that specified in Table 7.3.2-3 or supplementary uplink transmission
bandwidth less than or equal to that specified in Table 7.3C.2-1 with
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2.2, A.3.2,
and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1), unless sensitivity
degradation is allowed in this clause of this specification. These
exceptions also apply to any higher order CA or DC combination
containing one of the exception combinations in this clause as subset.

Table 7.3C.2-1: Supplementary uplink configuration for reference
sensitivity

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>NR Band / SCS of SUL band / Channel bandwidth of the DL band / N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>DL band</td>
<td>SUL band</td>
<td><p>SCS of SUL band</p>
<p>(kHz)</p></td>
<td><p>5</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td>10 MHz</td>
<td>15 MHz</td>
<td>20 MHz</td>
<td>25 MHz</td>
<td>30 MHz</td>
<td>40 MHz</td>
<td>50 MHz</td>
<td>60 MHz</td>
<td><p>70</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td>80 MHz</td>
<td>90 MHz</td>
<td>100 MHz</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n80</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n81</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n84<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>128</td>
<td>128</td>
<td>128</td>
<td>128</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1</td>
<td>n89</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n3</td>
<td>n80<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n3</td>
<td>n84</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n5</td>
<td>n84</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n8</td>
<td>n84</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n8</td>
<td>n81<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n24</td>
<td>n99<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n28</td>
<td>n83<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n80</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n81</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n83</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n95</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>75</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>75</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>75</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>75</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n97</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n98</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>n99</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n48</td>
<td>n99</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n80</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n84</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>n99</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n80</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n81</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n82</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n83</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n84</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n86</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>n89</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n80</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
<td></td>
<td>160</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n83</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>50</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n81</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n84</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n95</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>75</td>
<td>75</td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>75</td>
<td></td>
<td>75</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n97</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>270</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
<td>270</td>
<td></td>
<td>270</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n79</td>
<td>n98</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>NOTE 1: The Tx-Rx carrier center frequency separation between SUL band and DL band is the same as the Tx-Rx carrier center frequency separation of DL band specified in Table 5.4.4-1 from TS 38.101-1. The channel bandwidth of SUL band is the same as DL band. This restriction of REFSENS configurations applies also for these carriers when applicable SUL configuration is part of a higher order configuration.</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

For the UE that supports any of the SUL operation given in Table
7.3C.2-2, exceptions to the requirements specified in Table 7.3.2-1a and
Table 7.3.2-1b are allowed for different combinations of UL
configurations and DL channel bandwidths when the uplink is active in a
lower frequency band and is within a specified frequency range such that
transmitter harmonics fall within the downlink transmission bandwidth
assigned in a higher band as noted in Table 7.3C.2-2. For these
exceptions, only the listed test points in Table 7.3C.2-2 are needed to
be tested.

Table 7.3C.2-2: Reference sensitivity and uplink/downlink configurations
for SUL operation (exceptions due to uplink harmonic issue)

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| UL    | DL    | UL BW | SCS   | UL RB | DL BW | MSD   | UL/DL | UL/DL |
| band  | band  |       | of UL | Alloc |       |       | fc    | har   |
|       |       |       | band  | ation |       |       | cond  | monic |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | ition | order |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       | (MHz) | (kHz) | L     | (MHz) | (dB)  |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~CRB~ |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n80   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n80   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n80   | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n80   | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n81   | n41   | **5** | *     | **8** | 10    | *     | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | *13** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n81   | n41   | **5** | *     | **8** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 4.5** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 3**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n81   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n81   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.1** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n81   | n79   | **5** | *     | **5** | 40    | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 6.8** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n81   | n79   | **5** | *     | **5** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n82   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.8** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n82   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 3.1** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n83   | n78   | **5** | *     | **5** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.4** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n83   | n78   | **5** | *     | **5** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL5/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 5**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n84   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n84   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n86   | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n86   | n78   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n89   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 10    | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 0.5** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n89   | n78   | **5** | *     | **6** | 100   | **    | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** |       |       | 2.9** | *NOTE | *UL4/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 4**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n97   | n79   | **5** | *     | *     | 40    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *25** |       | 9.4** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n97   | n79   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *25** |       | 5.3** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n99   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.9** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n99   | n77   | **5** | *     | *     | 100   | **1   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | *12** |       | 3.8** | *NOTE | *UL2/ |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| direc |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t-hit |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is at |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| least |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| one   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| indiv |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2^nd^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3^rd^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4^th^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5^th^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| har   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| monic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of a  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| using |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| start |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| =     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| floor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ((NRB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -LCRB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| )/2), |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| flo   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or(x) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gre   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| atest |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| teger |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| less  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to x, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| param |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eters |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NRB   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LCRB  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pecti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| vely, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| umber |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB's  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| subca |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spa   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cing. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL NR |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| DL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| may   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aff   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ected |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| by    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| near  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -miss |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| terfe |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MSD   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fied. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL NR |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| low   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th![] |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .wmf) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {widt |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 27361 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11111 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11111 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 14in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 16666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .wmf) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {widt |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 47152 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 77777 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 77777 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 77in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 20763 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 88888 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 88888 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR-   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| wi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| th![] |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage5 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .wmf) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {widt |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 27361 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11111 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11111 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 14in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 16666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 66666 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ![]   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .wmf) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {widt |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 47152 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 77777 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 77777 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 77in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| heigh |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 20763 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 88888 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 88888 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9in"} |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| near  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -miss |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| direc |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t-hit |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| do    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pply. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| These |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| no    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| l     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| arger |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0 MHz |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| at    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| $\pm  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  \lef |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t( 10 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|  + BW |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| _{Ch\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| }}^{\ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| text{ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| HB}}/ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 \ri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ght)$ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| o     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ffset |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| from  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (h    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ,     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| whe   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re![] |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (./me |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dia/i |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mage6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .wmf) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| {widt |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h="0. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 47152 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 77777 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 77777 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 77in" |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| h     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eight |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ="0.2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 07638 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 88888 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 88889 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in"}a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ndare |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bands |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pecti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| vely. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 7.3C.2-3: Void

For the UE that supports any of the SUL operation given in Table
7.3C.2-4, reference sensitivity degradation is allowed for different
combinations of UL configurations and DL channel bandwidths when a DL
band is impacted by UL band due to cross band isolation issues. For
these exceptions, only the listed test points in Table 7.3C.2-4 are
needed to be tested.

Table 7.3C.2-4: Reference sensitivity and uplink/downlink configurations
for SUL operation (exceptions due to cross band isolation)

  UL band   DL band   UL F~c~      UL BW     SCS of UL band   UL RB Allocation      DL F~c~    DL BW   MSD        X band interference source
  --------- --------- ------------ --------- ---------------- --------------------- ---------- ------- ---------- ----------------------------
                      (MHz)        (MHz)     (kHz)            L~CRB~                (MHz)      (MHz)   (dB)       
  n80       n41       1765         40        **15**           50 (RBstart=166)      2501       10      0.7        **\>ACLR2**
  n80       n41       1765         40        **15**           50 (RBstart=166)      2546       100     **0.7**    **\>ACLR2**
  n84       n3        1945         50        15               128 (RBstart=0)       1877.5     5       19.7       ACLR1
  n95       n41       **2017.5**   **15**    **15**           **75 (RBstart=4)**    **2501**   10      **3.2**    **\>ACLR2**
  n95       n41       **2017.5**   **15**    **15**           **75 (RBstart=4)**    **2546**   100     **3.2**    **\>ACLR2**
  n97       n41       **2350**     **100**   **30**           **270 (RBstart=3)**   2501       10      **28.1**   **ACLR2**
  n97       n41       **2360**     **80**    **30**           **216 (RBstart=1)**   **2546**   100     **10.6**   **ACLR2**
  n98       n41       **1900**     **40**    **15**           **216 (RBstart=0)**   **2501**   10      **3.3**    **\>ACLR2**

Table 7.3C.2-5: Void

### 7.3C.3 ΔR~IB,c~ for SUL

#### 7.3C.3.1 General

For a UE supporting a SUL configuration, the ΔR~IB,c~ applies for both
SC and SUL operation.

#### 7.3C.3.2 SUL band combination

For the UE which supports SUL band combiantion, the minimum requirement
for reference sensitivity in clause 7.3C.2 shall be increased by the
amount given in ΔR~IB,c~ defined in clause 7.3C.3.2 for the applicable
operating bands. Unless otherwise stated, ΔR~IB,c~ is set to zero.

In case the UE supports more than one of band combinations for CA, SUL
or DC, and an operating band belongs to more than one band combinations
then

\- When the operating band frequency range is ≤ 1 GHz, the applicable
additional ΔR~IB,c~ shall be the average value for all band combinations
defined in clause 7.3A, 7.3B, 7.3C in this specification and 7.3A, 7.3B
in TS 38.101-3 \[3\], truncated to one decimal place that apply for that
operating band among the supported band combinations. In case there is a
harmonic relation between low band UL and high band DL, then the maximum
ΔR~IB,c~ among the different supported band combinations involving such
band shall be applied

\- When the operating band frequency range is \> 1 GHz, the applicable
additional ΔR~IB,c~ shall be the maximum value for all band combinations
defined in clause 7.3A, 7.3B, 7.3C in this specification and 7.3A, 7.3B
in TS 38.101-3 \[3\] for the applicable operating bands.

##### 7.3C.3.2.1 ΔR~IB,c~ for two bands

Table 7.3C.3.2.1-1: ΔR**~IB,c~** due to SUL (two bands)

+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| Band combination for SUL     | ΔR~IB,c~ for NR band (dB)^2^ |     |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
|                              | Component band in order of   |     |
|                              | bands in configuration^3^    |     |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n41-n80                 | 0.5^1^                       | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n41-n95                 | 0.2                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n41-n98                 | 0.2                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n48-n99                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n77-n80                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n77-n84                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n77-n99                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n78-n80                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n78-n81                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n78-n82                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n78-n83                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n78-n84                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n78-n86                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n79-n83                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n79-n97                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| SUL\_n79-n98                 | 0.5                          | N/A |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+
| NOTE 1: The requirement is   |                              |     |
| applied for UE transmitting  |                              |     |
| on the frequency range of    |                              |     |
| 2496 -- 2515 MHz.            |                              |     |
|                              |                              |     |
| NOTE 2: "-" denotes ΔR~IB,c~ |                              |     |
| = 0 and ΔR~IB,c~ is not      |                              |     |
| applicable to SUL band(s).   |                              |     |
|                              |                              |     |
| NOTE 3: The component band   |                              |     |
| order in the configuration   |                              |     |
| should be listed by the      |                              |     |
| order of NR band, such as    |                              |     |
| for SUL\_n41-n80 the order   |                              |     |
| of band is n41 and n80.      |                              |     |
+------------------------------+------------------------------+-----+

##### 7.3C.3.2.2 ΔR~IB,c~ for three bands

Table 7.3C.3.2.2-1: ΔR**~IB,c~** due to SUL (three bands)

+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| Band combination for    | ΔR~IB,c~ for NR bands   |        |     |
| SUL                     | (dB)^2^                 |        |     |
+=========================+=========================+========+=====+
|                         | Component band in order |        |     |
|                         | of bands in             |        |     |
|                         | configuration^3^        |        |     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n80         | 0.2                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n81         | \-                      | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n84         | 0.2                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n89         | 0.2                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n3\_n41-n80         | \-                      | 0.5^1^ | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n3\_n78-n80         | 0.2                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n3\_n78-n84         | 0.2                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n3\_n79-n80         | \-                      | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n5\_n78-n84         | 0.2                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n28\_n41-n83        | 0.2                     | \-     | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n8\_n78-n81         | 0.2                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n8\_n78-n84         | 0.2                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n28\_n79-n83        | 0.2                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n80        | 0.5                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n83        | 0.5                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n95        | \-                      | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n97        | \-                      | 0.8    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n98        | \-                      | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n78\_n1-n80         | 0.5                     | 0.2    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n78\_n1-n81         | 0.5                     | \-     | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n78\_n1-n89         | 0.5                     | 0.2    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n78\_n3-n84         | 0.5                     | 0.2    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n78\_n5-n84         | 0.5                     | 0.2    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n78\_n8-n84         | 0.5                     | 0.2    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n80        | 0.5                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n78\_n80-n84        | 0.5                     | N/A    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n78\_n81-n84        | 0.5                     | N/A    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n78\_n84-n89        | 0.5                     | N/A    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n83        | 0.5                     | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n95        | \-                      | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n97        | \-                      | 0.8    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n98        | \-                      | 0.5    | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+
| NOTE 1: The requirement |                         |        |     |
| is applied for UE       |                         |        |     |
| transmitting on the     |                         |        |     |
| frequency range of 2496 |                         |        |     |
| -- 2515 MHz.            |                         |        |     |
|                         |                         |        |     |
| NOTE 2: "-" denotes     |                         |        |     |
| ΔR~IB,c~ = 0 and        |                         |        |     |
| ΔR~IB,c~ is not         |                         |        |     |
| applicable to SUL       |                         |        |     |
| band(s).                |                         |        |     |
|                         |                         |        |     |
| NOTE 3: The component   |                         |        |     |
| band order in the       |                         |        |     |
| configuration should be |                         |        |     |
| listed by the order of  |                         |        |     |
| NR bands, such as for   |                         |        |     |
| CA\_n1\_n78-n80 the     |                         |        |     |
| order of band is n1,    |                         |        |     |
| n78 and n80.            |                         |        |     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+--------+-----+

##### 7.3C.3.2.3 ΔR~IB,c~ for four bands

Table 7.3C.3.2.3-1: ΔR**~IB,c~** due to SUL (four bands)

+-------------------------+-------------------------+-----+-----+-----+
| Band combination for    | ΔR~IB,c~ for NR bands   |     |     |     |
| SUL                     | (dB)^1^                 |     |     |     |
+=========================+=========================+=====+=====+=====+
|                         | Component band in order |     |     |     |
|                         | of bands in             |     |     |     |
|                         | configuration^2^        |     |     |     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+-----+-----+-----+
| CA\_n28-n79\_n41-n83    | 0.2                     | \-  | 0.8 | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+-----+-----+-----+
| CA\_n28-n41\_n79-n83    | 0.2                     | \-  | 0.8 | N/A |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+-----+-----+-----+
| C                       | 0.5                     | 0.5 | N/A | N/A |
| A\_n41A-n95A\_n79A-n98A |                         |     |     |     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+-----+-----+-----+
| C                       | 0.5                     | 0.5 | N/A | N/A |
| A\_n41A-n98A\_n79A-n95A |                         |     |     |     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+-----+-----+-----+
| C                       | 0.5                     | 0.5 | N/A | N/A |
| A\_n41A-n83A\_n79A-n98A |                         |     |     |     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+-----+-----+-----+
| C                       | 0.5                     | 0.5 | N/A | N/A |
| A\_n41A-n83A\_n79A-n95A |                         |     |     |     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+-----+-----+-----+
| NOTE 1: "-" denotes     |                         |     |     |     |
| ΔR~IB,c~ = 0 and        |                         |     |     |     |
| ΔR~IB,c~ is not         |                         |     |     |     |
| applicable to SUL       |                         |     |     |     |
| band(s).                |                         |     |     |     |
|                         |                         |     |     |     |
| NOTE 2: The component   |                         |     |     |     |
| band order in the       |                         |     |     |     |
| configuration should be |                         |     |     |     |
| listed by the order of  |                         |     |     |     |
| NR bands, such as for   |                         |     |     |     |
| CA\_n28-n79\_n41-n83    |                         |     |     |     |
| the order of band is    |                         |     |     |     |
| n28, n41, n79 and n83.  |                         |     |     |     |
+-------------------------+-------------------------+-----+-----+-----+

7.3D Reference sensitivity for UL MIMO
--------------------------------------

For UE with two or four transmitter antenna connectors in closed-loop
spatial multiplexing scheme, the minimum requirements specified in
clause 7.3 shall be met with the UL MIMO configurations described in
clause 6.2D.1 and clause 6.2F.1D for shared spectrum access operation,
and the reference measurement channels as specified in Annex A.2.2 for
CP-OFDM waveforms shall apply. For UL MIMO, the parameter P~UMAX~ is the
total transmitter power over all transmit antenna connectors.

7.3E Reference sensitivity for V2X
----------------------------------

### 7.3E.1 General

The reference sensitivity power level P~REFSENS\_V2X~ is the minimum
mean power applied to each one of the UE antenna port for V2X UE, at
which the throughput shall meet or exceed the requirements for the
specified reference measurement channel.

### 7.3E.2 Minimum requirements

When UE is configured for NR V2X reception non-concurrent with NR uplink
transmissions for NR V2X operating bands specified in Table 5.2E.1-1,
the throughput shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the reference
measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.7.2 with parameters
specified in Table 7.3E.2-1.

Table 7.3E.2-1: Reference sensitivity of NR V2X Bands (PC5)

+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NR    | SCS\ | Ch    |       |       |       |       |       |
| V2X\  | kHz  | annel |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |      | band  |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |      | width |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |      | /     |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |      | P~REF |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |      | SENS\ |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |      | _V2X~ |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |      | (dBm) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |      | 5M    | 10    | 20    | 30    | 40    | Du    |
|       |      | Hz^4^ | MHz   | MHz   | MHz   | MHz   | plex\ |
|       |      |       |       |       |       |       | Mode  |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n14   | 15   | -95.9 | -92.7 |       |       |       | HD    |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 30   |       | -93.0 |       |       |       |       |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 60   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n38   | 15   |       | -96.5 | -93.2 | -91.4 | -90.1 | HD    |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 30   |       | -96.1 | -93.4 | -91.7 | -90.2 |       |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 60   |       | -96.9 | -93.1 | -91.9 | -90.4 |       |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n47   | 15   |       | -92.5 | -89.2 | -87.4 | -86.1 | HD    |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 30   |       | -92.1 | -89.4 | -87.7 | -86.2 |       |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 60   |       | -92.9 | -89.1 | -87.9 | -86.4 |       |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n     | 15   |       | -95.5 | -92.2 | -90.4 | -89.1 | HD    |
| 79^5^ |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 30   |       | -95.1 | -92.4 | -90.7 | -89.2 |       |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 60   |       | -95.9 | -92.1 | -90.9 | -89.4 |       |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Refe  |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| easur |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ement |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A     |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .7.2. |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ignal |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| power |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| per   |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| an    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tenna |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| port. |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| CBW   |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PS UE |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n14.  |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| These |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RE    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| FSENS |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| alues |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| do    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sider |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| i     |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mpact |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nea   |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| r/far |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| e     |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ffect |      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 7.3E.2-2: Sidelink TX configuration for reference sensitivity of
NR V2X Bands (PC5)

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | NR    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | / SCS |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | Ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | width |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | D     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | uplex |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | mode  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NR    | SCS   | 5     | 10    | 20    | 30    | 40    | D     |
| V2X   |       | M     | MHz   | MHz   | MHz   | MHz   | uplex |
| Band  | kHz   | Hz^3^ |       |       |       |       | Mode  |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n14   | 15    | 20    | 20    |       |       |       | HD    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 30    |       | 10    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 60    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n38   | 15    |       | 50    | 105   | 160   | 216   | HD    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 30    |       | 24    | 50    | 75    | 105   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 60    |       | 10^2^ | 24    | 36    | 50    |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n47   | 15    |       | 50    | 105   | 160   | 216   | HD    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 30    |       | 24    | 50    | 75    | 105   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 60    |       | 10^2^ | 24    | 36    | 50    |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n79   | 15    |       | 50    | 105   | 160   | 216   | HD    |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 30    |       | 24    | 50    | 75    | 105   |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | 60    |       | 10^2^ | 24    | 36    | 50    |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sid   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| elink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| allo  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RB    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (L~   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| CRB~) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| size  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| could |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| adj   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| usted |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| acco  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rding |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| res   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ource |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pool  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| [7\]. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| case, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11 RB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| al    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lowed |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| S-SSB |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| B     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lock. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| CBW   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PS UE |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n14.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

### 7.3E.2A Minimum requirements for Sidelink CA

The reference sensitivity power level REFSENS is the minimum mean power
applied to each one of the UE antenna ports, at which the throughput
shall meet or exceed the requirements for the specified reference
measurement channel.

### 7.3E.2A.1 Reference sensitivity power level for Sidelink CA

For intra-band contiguous NR SL CA operation, the reference sensitivity
requirement specified in Table 7.3E.2-1 shall apply for each component
carrier with all carriers active. The requirement is applied for each
carrier reception when 2 carrier transmissions are activated at the same
time.

### 7.3E.2F Minimum requirements for Sidelink Unlicensed

#### 7.3E.2F.1 General

The reference sensitivity power level REFSENS is the minimum mean power
applied to each one of the UE antenna ports, at which the throughput
shall meet or exceed the requirements for the specified reference
measurement channel.

In later clauses of Clause 7 where the value of REFSENS is used as a
reference to set the corresponding requirement, the UE shall be verified
against those requirements by applying the REFSENS value in Table
7.3E.2F.2-1 with 2 Rx antenna ports tested.

#### 7.3E.2F.2 Reference sensitivity power level

The throughput shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the reference
measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.7.2 with parameters
specified in Table 7.3E.2F.2-1, Table 7.3E.2F.2-2, and Table
7.3E.2F.2-3.

Table 7.3E.2F.2-1: Two antenna port reference sensitivity QPSK PREFSENS

+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| Operating     |     |               |               |             |
| band / SCS /  |     |               |               |             |
| Channel       |     |               |               |             |
| bandwidth /   |     |               |               |             |
| REFSENS       |     |               |               |             |
+===============+=====+===============+===============+=============+
| Operating     | SCS | Channel       | REFSENS       | Duplex Mode |
| band          |     | bandwidth     | (dBm)^1^      |             |
|               | kHz | (MHz)         |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n46           | 15  | 20, 40        | -89.2 +       | HD          |
|               |     |               | 10log~1       |             |
|               |     |               | 0~(N~RB~/105) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 20, 40, 60,   | -89.4 +       |             |
|               |     | 80, 100       | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/50) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 20, 40, 60,   | -89.6 +       |             |
|               |     | 80, 100       | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| n96, n102     | 15  | 20, 40        | -88.7 +       | HD          |
|               |     |               | 10log~1       |             |
|               |     |               | 0~(N~RB~/105) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 30  | 20, 40, 60,   | -88.9 +       |             |
|               |     | 80, 100       | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/50) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
|               | 60  | 20, 40, 60,   | -89.1 +       |             |
|               |     | 80, 100       | 10log~        |             |
|               |     |               | 10~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: The   |     |               |               |             |
| REFSENS value |     |               |               |             |
| is rounded to |     |               |               |             |
| the nearest   |     |               |               |             |
| number down   |     |               |               |             |
| to one        |     |               |               |             |
| decimal       |     |               |               |             |
| point.        |     |               |               |             |
| "N~RB~" in    |     |               |               |             |
| REFSENS       |     |               |               |             |
| formula is    |     |               |               |             |
| the maximum   |     |               |               |             |
| transmission  |     |               |               |             |
| bandwidth     |     |               |               |             |
| configuration |     |               |               |             |
| as defined in |     |               |               |             |
| Table         |     |               |               |             |
| 7.3E.2F.2-3   |     |               |               |             |
+---------------+-----+---------------+---------------+-------------+

For UE(s) equipped with 4 Rx antenna ports, reference sensitivity for
2Rx antenna ports in Table 7.3E.2F.2-1 shall be modified by the amount
given in ΔR~IB,4R~ in Table 7.3E.2F.2-2 for the applicable operating
bands.

Table 7.3E.2F.2-2: Four antenna port reference sensitivity allowance
ΔR**~IB,4R~**

  ---------------- ----------------
  Operating band   ΔR~IB,4R~ (dB)
  n46, n96, n102   -2.2
  ---------------- ----------------

The reference receive sensitivity (REFSENS) requirement specified in
Table 7.3E.2F.2-1 and Table 7.3E.2F.2-2 shall be met with sidelink
transmission bandwidth less than or equal to that specified in Table
7.3E.2F.2-3.

Table 7.3E.2F.2-3: Transmitted sidelink configuration for reference
sensitivity

  Operating band / SCS / Channel bandwidth/N~RB~                                                 
  ------------------------------------------------ --------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ---------
  Operating Band                                   SCS kHz   20 MHz   40 MHz   60 MHz   80 MHz   100 MHz
  n46                                              15        105      216                        
                                                   30        50       105      160      216      270
                                                   60        24       50       75       105      135
  n96, n102                                        15        105      216                        
                                                   30        50       105      160      216      270
                                                   60        24       50       75       105      135

Unless given by Table 7.3E.2F.2-4, the minimum requirements specified in
Tables 7.3E.2F.2-1 and 7.3E.2F.2-2 shall be verified with the network
signalling value NS\_01 (Table 6.2F.3.1-1) configured.

Table 7.3F.2-4: Network signaling value for reference sensitivity

  ---------------- --------------------------
  Operating band   Network Signalling value
  n46              NS\_01
  n96              NS\_53
  n102             NS\_01
  ---------------- --------------------------

### 7.3E.3 Reference sensitivity power level for V2X concurrent operation

#### 7.3E.3.1 General

When UE is configured for NR V2X reception on V2X carrier concurrent
with NR uplink and downlink, NR V2X sidelink throughput for the carrier
shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement
channels as specified in Annexes A.7.2 with parameters specified in
Table 7.3E.2-1 and 7.3E.2-2. Also, the NR downlink throughput shall be ≥
95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annexes A.3 with parameters specified in Tables 7.3.2-1a,
7.3.2-1b, 7.3.2-2 and 7.3.2-3. The reference sensitivity is defined to
be met with all downlink component carriers active. The REFSENS of Uu
downlink and PC5 sidelink will be tested at the same time. Exceptions to
reference sensitivity with different transmission and reception
configurations are allowed for the combinations of aggressor and victim
bands specified in Tables 7.3E.3-3 and 7.3E.3-4. The limited test
configurations are specified in Tables 7.3E.3-3 and 7.3E.3-4 to verify
MSD requirements.

For the intra-band concurrent NR V2X operation, the reference
sensitivity power level shall be applied per carrier. The requirements
in clause 7.3.2 shall be appled for NR downlink carrier and the
requirements in clause 7.3E.2 shall be applied for NR sidelink carrier.
NR V2X sidelink throughput for the carrier shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum
throughput of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes
A.7.2. Also, the NR downlink throughput shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum
throughput of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes
A.3.2 in TS38.101-1.

For reference sensitivity exception test points where the specified
carrier frequency does not correspond to a valid NR-ARFCN, the closest
NR-ARFCN as specified in clause 5.4.2 applies.

Table 7.3E.3-1: Void

Table 7.3E.3-2: ΔR~IB,V2X~ (two bands)

  V2X inter-band concurrent band Combination   NR Band   ΔR~IB,V2X~ \[dB\]
  -------------------------------------------- --------- -------------------
  V2X\_n71-n47                                 n71       0.0

Table 7.3E.3-3: Reference sensitivity exceptions (MSD) due to cross band
isolation for inter-band concurrent operation

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Aggr  | V     | Aggr  | Aggr  | SCS   | Aggr  | V     | V     | MSD   |
| essor | ictim | essor | essor | of    | essor | ictim | ictim |       |
| band  | band  | band  | band  | Aggr  | band  | band  | band  |       |
|       |       | F~c~  | BW    | essor | RB    | F~c~  | BW    |       |
|       |       |       |       | band  | Alloc |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       | (MHz) | (MHz) | (kHz) | L     | (MHz) | (MHz) | (dB)  |
|       |       |       |       |       | ~CRB~ |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n79   | n47   | **4   | *     | *     | **    | **5   | 10    | **    |
|       |       | 980** | *40** | *15** | 216** | 860** |       | 3.3** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | **(RB |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | start |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | =0)** |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n47   | n79   | **5   | *     | *     | **50  | **4   | 40    | **    |
|       |       | 860** | *10** | *15** | (RB   | 980** |       | 3.3** |
|       |       |       |       |       | start |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       | =0)** |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 7.3E.3-4: Reference sensitivity exceptions (MSD) due to harmonic
interference for inter-band concurrent operation

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Aggr  | V     | Aggr  | SCS   | Aggr  | V     | MSD   | UL/DL | UL/DL |
| essor | ictim | essor | of    | essor | ictim |       | fc    | har   |
| band  | band  | band  | Aggr  | band  | band  |       | cond  | monic |
|       |       | BW    | essor | RB    | BW    |       | ition | order |
|       |       |       | band  | Alloc |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       | (MHz) | (kHz) | L     | (MHz) | (dB)  |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ~CRB~ |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n1    | n47   | **5** | *     | **16  | 10    | **2   | *     | *     |
|       |       |       | *15** | (RB   |       | 0.1** | *NOTE | *UL3/ |
|       |       |       |       | start |       |       | 2**   | DL1** |
|       |       |       |       | =4)** |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | **di  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rect- |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | hit** |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| These |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| apply |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| there |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is at |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| least |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| one   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| indiv |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idual |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| RE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| which |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2^nd^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3^rd^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4^th^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5^th^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| t     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ransm |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| har   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| monic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ansmi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of a  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hould |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ver   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL NR |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ARFCN |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| essor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (l    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ower) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (s    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| upers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cript |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| LB)   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| such  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| that  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| v     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ictim |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (hi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gher) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| low   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

### 7.3E.3F Minimum requirements for SL-U concurrent operation

#### 7.3E.3F.1 Reference sensitivity power level for SL-U concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR SL-U operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.3E.2F.2 shall apply for the NR sidelink reception
in the operating bands in Table 5.2E.2F-1 and the requirements specified
in clause 7.3.2 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in licensed
band while all downlink carriers are active.

For the REFSENS exception of SL\_n78-n46 inter-band concurrent NR SL-U
operation, the existing CA\_n46-n78 MSD requirements in Table 7.3A.5-1
are applied. Also, the existing ΔR~IB~ of CA\_n46-n78 in Table
7.3A.3.2.1-1 is applied for SL\_n78-n46 inter-band concurrent NR SL-U
operation UE.

7.3F Reference sensitivity for shared spectrum channel access
-------------------------------------------------------------

### 7.3F.1 General

The reference sensitivity power level REFSENS is the minimum mean power
applied to each one of the UE antenna ports, at which the throughput
shall meet or exceed the requirements for the specified reference
measurement channel.

In later clauses of Clause 7 where the value of REFSENS is used as a
reference to set the corresponding requirement, the UE shall be verified
against those requirements by applying the REFSENS value in Table
7.3G.2-1 with 2 Rx antenna ports tested.

### 7.3F.2 Reference sensitivity power level

The throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2.2, A3.2 and
A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters
specified in Table 7.3F.2-1, Table 7.3F.2-2, and Table 7.3F.2-3.

Table 7.3F.2-1: Two antenna port reference sensitivity QPSK PREFSENS

+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+-------------+
| **Operating  |         |              |              |             |
| band / SCS / |         |              |              |             |
| Channel      |         |              |              |             |
| bandwidth /  |         |              |              |             |
| REFSENS**    |         |              |              |             |
+==============+=========+==============+==============+=============+
| **Operating  | **SCS** | **Channel    | **REFSENS    | Duplex Mode |
| band**       |         | bandwidth    | (dBm)^8^**   |             |
|              | **kHz** | (MHz)**      |              |             |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+-------------+
| n46          | 15      | 20, 40       | -89.7 +      | TDD         |
|              |         |              | 10log~10     |             |
|              |         |              | ~(N~RB~/106) |             |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+-------------+
|              | 30      | 20, 40, 60,  | -89.9 +      |             |
|              |         | 80, 100      | 10log~1      |             |
|              |         |              | 0~(N~RB~/51) |             |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+-------------+
|              | 60      | 60, 80, 100  | -90.1 +      |             |
|              |         |              | 10log~1      |             |
|              |         |              | 0~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+-------------+
| n96, n102    | 15      | 20, 40       | -89.2 +      | TDD         |
|              |         |              | 10log~10     |             |
|              |         |              | ~(N~RB~/106) |             |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+-------------+
|              | 30      | 20, 40, 60,  | -89.4 +      |             |
|              |         | 80, 100      | 10log~1      |             |
|              |         |              | 0~(N~RB~/51) |             |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+-------------+
|              | 60      | 60, 80, 100  | -89.6 +      |             |
|              |         |              | 10log~1      |             |
|              |         |              | 0~(N~RB~/24) |             |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: The  |         |              |              |             |
| REFSENS      |         |              |              |             |
| value is     |         |              |              |             |
| rounded to   |         |              |              |             |
| the nearest  |         |              |              |             |
| number down  |         |              |              |             |
| to one       |         |              |              |             |
| decimal      |         |              |              |             |
| point. "NRB" |         |              |              |             |
| in REFSENS   |         |              |              |             |
| formula is   |         |              |              |             |
| the maximum  |         |              |              |             |
| transmission |         |              |              |             |
| bandwidth    |         |              |              |             |
| c            |         |              |              |             |
| onfiguration |         |              |              |             |
| as defined   |         |              |              |             |
| in Table     |         |              |              |             |
| 5.3.2-1.     |         |              |              |             |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+-------------+

For UE(s) equipped with 4 Rx antenna ports, reference sensitivity for
2Rx antenna ports in Table 7.3F.2-1 shall be modified by the amount
given in ΔR~IB,4R~ in Table 7.3F.2-2 for the applicable operating bands.

Table 7.3F.2-2: Four antenna port reference sensitivity allowance
ΔR**~IB,4R~**

  ---------------- ----------------
  Operating band   ΔR~IB,4R~ (dB)
  n46, n96, n102   -2.2
  ---------------- ----------------

The reference receive sensitivity (REFSENS) requirement specified in
Table 7.3F.2-1 and Table 7.3F.2-2 shall be met with uplink transmission
bandwidth less than or equal to that specified in Table 7.3F.2-3.

Table 7.3F.2-3: Uplink configuration for reference sensitivity

  Operating band / SCS / Channel bandwidth                                                                         
  ------------------------------------------ --------- -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- ---------------
  Operating Band                             SCS kHz   20 MHz (dBm)   40 MHz (dBm)   60 MHz (dBm)   80 MHz (dBm)   100 MHz (dBm)
  n46                                        15        100            216                                          
                                             30        50             100            162            216            270
                                             60        24             50             75             100            135
  n96, n102                                  15        100            216                                          
                                             30        50             100            162            216            270
                                             **60**    **24**         **50**         **75**         **100**        **135**

Unless given by Table 7.3F.2-4, the minimum requirements specified in
Tables 7.3F.2-1 and 7.3F.2-2 shall be verified with the network
signalling value NS\_01 (Table 6.2F.3.1-1) configured.

Table 7.3F.2-4: Network signaling value for reference sensitivity

  ---------------- --------------------------
  Operating band   Network Signalling value
  n46              NS\_01
  n96              NS\_53
  n102             NS\_01
  ---------------- --------------------------

### 7.3F.3 Void

### 7.3F.4 Void

### 7.3F.4A Shared spectrum channel access CA

#### 7.3F.4A.1 Intra-band contiguous shared spectrum channel access CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the throughput of each
component carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2.2, A.3.2,
and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters
specified in Table 7.3F.2-1, Table 7.3F.2-2, and Table 7.3F.2-3.

### 7.3F.5 Void

#### 7.3F.5.1 Void

#### 7.3F.5.2 Void

#### 7.3F.5.3 Void

7.3G Reference sensitivity for Tx Diversity
-------------------------------------------

For UE supporting Tx diversity, the minimum requirements specified in
Table 7.3.2-1a, Table 7.3.2-1b, Table 7.3.2-1d, Table 7.3.2-2 and Table
7.3.2-2a shall be met with Tx diversity configuration described in
clause 6.2G.1. For Tx diversity, the parameter P~UMAX~ is defined in
clause 6.2G.4 with the sum of the output power from all UE antenna
connectors.

### 7.3G.5 Void

#### 7.3G.5.0 Void

7.3H (Reserved)
---------------

7.3I Reference sensitivity for (e)RedCap
----------------------------------------

### 7.3I.1 General

The reference sensitivity power level REFSENS is the minimum mean power
applied to each one of the UE antenna ports for all UE categories, at
which the throughput shall meet or exceed the requirements for the
specified reference measurement channel.

### 7.3I.2 Reference sensitivity power level for RedCap

For a RedCap UE equipped with 2 Rx antenna ports, the throughput shall
be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement
channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2.2, A3.2 and A.3.3 (with one sided
dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described in
Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters specified in Table 7.3.2-1a and
Table 7.3.2-1b for the applicable operating bands. The reference
sensitivity (REFSENS) requirement specified for a RedCap UE equipped
with 2 Rx antenna ports shall be met with uplink transmission bandwidth
less than or equal to that specified in Table 7.3.2-3 and, for FDD
bands, with the Tx-Rx separation as defined in clause 5.4.4 for the
applicable band and UE channel bandwidth.

For a RedCap UE equipped with 1 Rx antenna ports, reference sensitivity
for 2Rx antenna ports in Table 7.3.2-1a and in Table 7.3.2-1b shall be
modified by the amount given in ΔR~1R~ in Table 7.3I.2-1 for the
applicable operating bands. The reference sensitivity (REFSENS)
requirement specified for a RedCap UE equipped with 1 Rx antenna ports
shall be met with uplink transmission bandwidth less than or equal to
that specified in Table 7.3.2-3 and, for FDD bands, with the Tx-Rx
separation as defined in clause 5.4.4 for the applicable band and UE
channel bandwidth.

Table 7.3I.2-1: Single antenna port reference sensitivity allowance
ΔR**~1R~**

  Operating band   Channel bandwidth (MHz)   ΔR~1R~ (dB)
  ---------------- ------------------------- -------------
  TDD band         5, 10, 15, 20             2.5
  FDD band         5                         2.5
  FDD band         10, 15, 20                3.0

For a RedCap UE equipped with 2 Rx antenna ports operating in HD-FDD
mode, reference sensitivity for 2Rx antenna ports in Table 7.3I.2-2
shall be met with uplink transmission bandwidth less than or equal to
that specified in Table 7.3I.2-4.

Table 7.3I.2-2: HD-FDD RedCap UE with 2 Rx antenna port reference
sensitivity

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **O**perating band / SCS / Channel bandwidth                                                                                  
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -------- --------- --------- ---------
  Operating Band                                                                         SCS kHz   5 MHz\   10 MHz\   15 MHz\   20 MHz\
                                                                                                   (dBm)    (dBm)     (dBm)     (dBm)

  n1                                                                                     15        -100.0   -96.8     -95.0     -93.7

                                                                                         30                 -97.2     -95.2     -93.9

                                                                                         60                 -97.5     -95.4     -94.2

  n2                                                                                     15        -98.8    -95.6     -93.8     -92.5

                                                                                         30                 -96.0     -94.0     -92.7

                                                                                         60                 -96.3     -94.2     -93.0

  n3                                                                                     15        -97.8    -94.6     -92.8     -91.5

                                                                                         30                 -95.0     -93.0     -91.7

                                                                                         60                 -95.3     -93.2     -92.0

  n5                                                                                     15        -98.8    -95.6     -93.8     -92.5

                                                                                         30                 -96.0     -94.0     -92.7

  n7                                                                                     15        -98.8    -95.6     -93.8     -92.5

                                                                                         30                 -96.0     -94.0     -92.7

                                                                                         60                 -96.3     -94.2     -93.0

  n8                                                                                     15        -97.8    -94.6     -92.8     -91.5

                                                                                         30                 -95.0     -93.0     -91.7

  n12                                                                                    15        -97.8    -94.6     -92.8     

                                                                                         30                 -95.0     -93.0     

  n13                                                                                    15        -97.8    -94.6               

                                                                                         30                 -95.0               

  n14                                                                                    15        -97.8    -94.6               

                                                                                         30                 -95.0               

  n18                                                                                    15        -100.0   -96.8     -95.0     

                                                                                         30                 -97.2     -95.2     

  n20                                                                                    15        -97.8    -94.6     -92.8     -91.5

                                                                                         30                 -95.0     -93.0     -91.7

  n24                                                                                    15        -100.0   -96.8               

                                                                                         30                 -97.2               

                                                                                         60                 -97.5               

  n25                                                                                    15        -97.3    -94.1     -92.3     -91.0

                                                                                         30                 -94.5     -92.5     -91.2

                                                                                         60                 -94.8     -92.7     -91.5

  n26                                                                                    15        -98.3    -95.1     -93.3     -92.0

                                                                                         30                 -95.5     -93.5     -92.2

  n28                                                                                    15        -99.3    -96.1     -94.3     -93.0

                                                                                         30                 -96.5     -94.5     -93.2

  n30                                                                                    15        -99.5    -96.3               

                                                                                         30                 -96.7               

  n65                                                                                    15        -100.0   -96.8     -95.0     -93.7

                                                                                         30                 -97.2     -95.2     -93.9

                                                                                         60                 -97.5     -95.4     -94.2

  n66                                                                                    15        -100.0   -96.8     -95.0     -93.7

                                                                                         30                 -97.2     -95.2     -93.9

                                                                                         60                 -97.5     -95.4     -94.2

  n70                                                                                    15        -100.0   -96.8     -95.0     -93.7

                                                                                         30                 -97.2     -95.2     -93.9

                                                                                         60                 -97.5     -95.4     -94.2

  n71                                                                                    15        -98.0    -94.8     -93.0     -91.7

                                                                                         30                 -95.2     -93.2     -91.9

  n74                                                                                    15        -100.0   -96.8     -95.0     -93.7

                                                                                         30                 -97.2     -95.2     -93.9

                                                                                         60                 -97.5     -95.4     -94.2

  n85                                                                                    15        -97.8    -94.6     -92.8     

                                                                                         30                 -95.0     -93.0     

  n91                                                                                    15        -100.0                       

  n92                                                                                    15        -100.0   -96.8     -95.0     -93.7

                                                                                         30                 -97.2     -95.2     -93.9

  n93                                                                                    15        -100.0                       

  n94                                                                                    15        -100.0   -96.8     -95.0     -93.7

                                                                                         30                 -97.2     -95.2     -93.9

  n105                                                                                   15        -98^1^   -94.8     -93       -91.7

                                                                                         30                 -95.2     -93.2     -91.9

  NOTE 1: DL channels overlapping the 612-617MHz range have 0.5dB added to the REFSENS                                          
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For a RedCap UE equipped with 1 Rx antenna ports and operating in HD-FDD
mode, reference sensitivity for 1Rx antenna ports in Table 7.3I.2-3
shall be met with uplink transmission bandwidth less than or equal to
that specified in Table 7.3I.2-4.

Table 7.3I.2-3: HD-FDD RedCap UE with 1 Rx antenna port reference
sensitivity

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Operating band / SCS / Channel bandwidth                                                                                        
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ---------- --------- --------- ---------
  Operating Band                                                                         SCS kHz   5 MHz\     10 MHz\   15 MHz\   20 MHz\
                                                                                                   (dBm)      (dBm)     (dBm)     (dBm)

  n1                                                                                     15        -97.5      -94.3     -92.5     -91.2

                                                                                         30                   -94.7     -92.7     -91.4

                                                                                         60                   -95.0     -92.9     -91.7

  n2                                                                                     15        -96.3      -93.1     -91.3     -90.0

                                                                                         30                   -93.5     -91.5     -90.2

                                                                                         60                   -93.8     -91.7     -90.5

  n3                                                                                     15        -95.3      -92.1     -90.3     -89.0

                                                                                         30                   -92.5     -90.5     -89.2

                                                                                         60                   -92.8     -90.7     -89.5

  n5                                                                                     15        -96.3      -93.1     -91.3     -90.0

                                                                                         30                   -93.5     -91.5     -90.2

  n7                                                                                     15        -96.3      -93.1     -91.3     -90.0

                                                                                         30                   -93.5     -91.5     -90.2

                                                                                         60                   -93.8     -91.7     -90.5

  n8                                                                                     15        -95.3      -92.1     -90.3     -89.0

                                                                                         30                   -92.5     -90.5     -89.2

  n12                                                                                    15        -95.3      -92.1     -90.3     

                                                                                         30                   -92.5     -90.5     

  n13                                                                                    15        -95.3      -92.1               

                                                                                         30                   -92.5               

  n14                                                                                    15        -95.3      -92.1               

                                                                                         30                   -92.5               

  n18                                                                                    15        -97.5      -94.3     -92.5     

                                                                                         30                   -94.7     -92.7     

  n20                                                                                    15        -95.3      -92.1     -90.3     -89.0

                                                                                         30                   -92.5     -90.5     -89.2

  n24                                                                                    15        -97.5      -94.3               

                                                                                         30                   -94.7               

                                                                                         60                   -95.0               

  n25                                                                                    15        -94.8      -91.6     -89.8     -88.5

                                                                                         30                   -92.0     -90.0     -88.7

                                                                                         60                   -92.3     -90.2     -89.0

  n26                                                                                    15        -95.8      -92.6     -90.8     -89.5

                                                                                         30                   -93.0     -91.0     -89.7

  n28                                                                                    15        -96.8      -93.6     -91.8     -90.5

                                                                                         30                   -94.0     -92.0     -90.7

  n30                                                                                    15        -97.0      -93.8               

                                                                                         30                   -94.2               

  n65                                                                                    15        -97.5      -94.3     -92.5     -91.2

                                                                                         30                   -94.7     -92.7     -91.4

                                                                                         60                   -95.0     -92.9     -91.7

  n66                                                                                    15        -97.5      -94.3     -92.5     -91.2

                                                                                         30                   -94.7     -92.7     -91.4

                                                                                         60                   -95.0     -92.9     -91.7

  n70                                                                                    15        -97.5      -94.3     -92.5     -91.2

                                                                                         30                   -94.7     -92.7     -91.4

                                                                                         60                   -95.0     -92.9     -91.7

  n71                                                                                    15        -95.5      -92.3     -90.5     -89.2

                                                                                         30                   -92.7     -90.7     -89.4

  n74                                                                                    15        -97.5      -94.3     -92.5     -91.2

                                                                                         30                   -94.7     -92.7     -91.4

                                                                                         60                   -95.0     -92.9     -91.7

  n85                                                                                    15        -95.3      -92.1     -90.3     

                                                                                         30                   -92.5     -90.5     

  n91                                                                                    15        -97.5                          

  n92                                                                                    15        -97.5      -94.3     -92.5     -91.2

                                                                                         30                   -94.7     -92.7     -91.4

  n93                                                                                    15        -97.5                          

  n94                                                                                    15        -97.5      -94.3     -92.5     -91.2

                                                                                         30                   -94.7     -92.7     -91.4

  n105                                                                                   15        -95.5^1^   -92.3     -90.5     -89.2

                                                                                         30                   -92.7     -90.7     -89.4

  NOTE 1: DL channels overlapping the 612-617MHz range have 0.5dB added to the REFSENS                                            
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 7.3I.2-4: Uplink configuration for HD-FDD reference sensitivity

  Operating band / SCS / Channel bandwidth                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ------- -------- -------- --------
  Operating Band                                                                                                                                                                                             SCS kHz   5 MHz   10 MHz   15 MHz   20 MHz
  n1                                                                                                                                                                                                         15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
                                                                                                                                                                                                             60                10       18       24
  n2                                                                                                                                                                                                         15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
                                                                                                                                                                                                             60                10       18       24
  n3                                                                                                                                                                                                         15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
                                                                                                                                                                                                             60                10       18       24
  n5                                                                                                                                                                                                         15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
  n7                                                                                                                                                                                                         15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
                                                                                                                                                                                                             60                10       18       24
  n8                                                                                                                                                                                                         15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
  n12                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       
  n13                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50                
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24                
  n14                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50                
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24                
  n18                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       
  n20                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
  n24                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50                
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24                
                                                                                                                                                                                                             60                10                
  n25                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
                                                                                                                                                                                                             60                10       18       24
  n26                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
  n28                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
  n30                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50                
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24                
  n65                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
                                                                                                                                                                                                             60                10       18       24
  n66                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
                                                                                                                                                                                                             60                10       18       24
  n70                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       NOTE 1
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       NOTE 1
                                                                                                                                                                                                             60                10       18       NOTE 1
  n71                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
  n74                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
                                                                                                                                                                                                             60                10       18       24
  n85                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       
  n91                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25                        
  n92                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
  n93                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25                        
  n94                                                                                                                                                                                                        15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
  n105                                                                                                                                                                                                       15        25      50       75       100
                                                                                                                                                                                                             30                24       36       50
  NOTE 1: For DL channel bandwidths that do not have symmetric UL channel bandwidth, highest valid UL configuration with lowest TX-RX separation (Table 5.4.4-1) shall be used unless otherwise specified.                                       

### 7.3I.3 Reference sensitivity power level for eRedCap

For UE supporting IE *supportOfERedCap-r18* and IE
*eRedCapNotReducedBB-BW-r18*, the REFSENS requirements for RedCap UE in
clause 7.3I.2 apply.

For UE supporting IE *supportOfERedCap-r18* but not supporting
*eRedCapNotReducedBB-BW-r18*, the reference sensitivity requirements for
5 MHz channel bandwidth with 15 kHz SCS defined in clause 7.3I.2 apply.
These reference sensitivity requirements for 5 MHz channel bandwidth
apply also for 10, 15 and 20 MHz channel bandwidths **with 15 kHz SCS.
In case** the reference sensitivity requirements for **5 MHz** channel
bandwidth **are not defined,** the reference sensitivity requirements
for **10 MHz channel bandwidth apply with the reference sensitivity
level reduced by 3.2 dB, and the UL configuration shall be less than or
equal to minimum between RB number specified in Table 7.3I.2-4 and 25
RBs for HD-FDD operation, and minimum between RB number specified in
Table 7.3.2-3 and 25RBs otherwise. These** reference sensitivity
**requirements for 10 MHz** channel bandwidth **apply also for 15 and 20
MHz channel bandwidths. Both Tx RBs in UL configuration and Rx RBs in
FRC, when applicable, shall be allocated within the range from** RB~low~
**= ceil(**N~RB~/2 - N~RB\_PR3~/2) to RB~high~ = RB~low~ + N~RB\_PR3~
-1, where RB~low~ and RB~high~ are the lowest and highest available RB
position and N~RB\_PR3~ is 25 RBs for 15 kHz SCS.

For UE supporting IE *supportOfERedCap-r18* but not supporting
*eRedCapNotReducedBB-BW-r18*, for 30 kHz SCS, the reference sensitivity
requirements defined for 10 MHz channel bandwidth in clause 7.3I.2 apply
**with reference sensitivity level reduced by 3.0 dB and the UL
configuration shall be less than or equal to minimum between RB number
specified in Table 7.3I.2-4 and 12 RBs for HD-FDD operation, and minimum
between RB number specified in Table 7.3.2-3 and 12RBs otherwise**.
These reference sensitivity requirements for 10 MHz channel bandwidth
apply also for 15 and 20 MHz channel bandwidths **with 30 kHz SCS**.
B**oth Tx RBs in UL configuration and Rx RBs in FRC, when applicable,
shall be allocated within the range from** RB~low~ **= ceil(**N~RB~/2 -
N~RB\_PR3~/2) to RB~high~ = RB~low~ + N~RB\_PR3~ -1, where RB~low~ and
RB~high~ are the lowest and highest available RB position and N~RB\_PR3~
is 12 RBs for 30 kHz SCS.

NOTE: It is not necessary to repeat verification when same requirement
applies for multiple channel bandwidths.

7.3J Reference sensitivity for ATG
----------------------------------

### 7.3J.1 General

For ATG UE with multiple omni-directional antennas not indicating the
capability *antennaArrayType-r18,* the reference sensitivity power level
REFSENS is the minimum mean power per polarization at antenna connector,
at which the throughput shall meet or exceed the requirements for the
specified reference measurement channel.

For ATG UE with antenna array indicating the capability
*antennaArrayType-r18,*the reference sensitivity power level REFSENS is
the minimum mean power per polarization at TAB antenna connector, at
which the throughput shall meet or exceed the requirements for the
specified reference measurement channel.

### 7.3J.2 Reference sensitivity power level

For a ATG UE(s) equipped with 2 Rx antenna ports, the throughput shall
be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement
channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2.2 and A.3.2 (with one sided
dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD for the DL-signal as described in Annex
A.5.1.1) with parameters specified in Table 7.3.2-1a and Table 7.3.2-1b
for the applicable operating bands.

For ATG UE(s) equipped with 4 Rx antenna ports, reference sensitivity
for 2Rx antenna ports shall be modified by the amount given in Δ~RIB,4R~
in Table 7.3.2-2 for the applicable operating bands.

The reference sensitivity (REFSENS) requirement for a ATG UE shall be
met with uplink transmission bandwidth less than or equal to that
specified in Table 7.3.2-3.

7.3K (Reserved)
---------------

7.3L (Reserved)
---------------

7.4 Maximum input level
-----------------------

Maximum input level is defined as the maximum mean power received at the
UE antenna port, at which the specified relative throughput shall meet
or exceed the minimum requirements for the specified reference
measurement channel. The throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum
throughput of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexs
A.3.2 and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD as
described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters specified in Table
7.4-1.

Table 7.4-1: Maximum input level

+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
| Rx Parameter | Units | Channel      |              |              |
|              |       | bandwidth    |              |              |
|              |       | (MHz)        |              |              |
+==============+=======+==============+==============+==============+
|              |       | 3, 5, 10,    | 25, 30, 35,  | 60, 70, 80,  |
|              |       | 15, 20       | 40, 45, 50   | 90, 100      |
+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
| Power in     | dBm   | -25^2^       | -25 +        | -20^2^       |
| Transmission |       |              | 10log~10~    |              |
| Bandwidth    |       |              | (BW~Channel~ |              |
| Conf         |       |              | /            |              |
| iguration^4^ |       |              | 20)^Note\ 2^ |              |
+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
|              |       | -27^3,5^     | -27 +        | -22^3,5^     |
|              |       |              | 10log~10~    |              |
|              |       |              | (BW~Channel~ |              |
|              |       |              | /20          |              |
|              |       |              | )^Note\ 3,5^ |              |
+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: The  |       |              |              |              |
| transmitter  |       |              |              |              |
| shall be set |       |              |              |              |
| to 4 dB      |       |              |              |              |
| below        |       |              |              |              |
| P~           |       |              |              |              |
| CMAX\_L,f,c~ |       |              |              |              |
| at the       |       |              |              |              |
| minimum      |       |              |              |              |
| uplink       |       |              |              |              |
| c            |       |              |              |              |
| onfiguration |       |              |              |              |
| specified in |       |              |              |              |
| Table        |       |              |              |              |
| 7.3.2-3 and  |       |              |              |              |
| 7.3F.2-3 for |       |              |              |              |
| shared       |       |              |              |              |
| spectrum     |       |              |              |              |
| channel      |       |              |              |              |
| access       |       |              |              |              |
| operation    |       |              |              |              |
| with         |       |              |              |              |
| P~           |       |              |              |              |
| CMAX\_L,f,c~ |       |              |              |              |
| as defined   |       |              |              |              |
| in clause    |       |              |              |              |
| 6.2.4.       |       |              |              |              |
|              |       |              |              |              |
| NOTE 2:      |       |              |              |              |
| Reference    |       |              |              |              |
| measurement  |       |              |              |              |
| channel is   |       |              |              |              |
| A.3.2.3 or   |       |              |              |              |
| A.3.3.3 for  |       |              |              |              |
| 64 QAM.      |       |              |              |              |
|              |       |              |              |              |
| NOTE 3:      |       |              |              |              |
| Reference    |       |              |              |              |
| measurement  |       |              |              |              |
| channel is   |       |              |              |              |
| A.3.2.4 or   |       |              |              |              |
| A.3.3.4 for  |       |              |              |              |
| 256 QAM.     |       |              |              |              |
|              |       |              |              |              |
| NOTE 4:      |       |              |              |              |
| 10log~10~(x) |       |              |              |              |
| is rounded   |       |              |              |              |
| to the       |       |              |              |              |
| nearest      |       |              |              |              |
| 0.5dB value. |       |              |              |              |
|              |       |              |              |              |
| NOTE 5:      |       |              |              |              |
| Reference    |       |              |              |              |
| measurement  |       |              |              |              |
| channel is   |       |              |              |              |
| A.3.2.5 or   |       |              |              |              |
| A.3.3.5 for  |       |              |              |              |
| 1024 QAM.    |       |              |              |              |
+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------+

7.4A Maximum input level for CA
-------------------------------

### 7.4A.1 Maximum input level for Intra-band contiguous CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation maximum input level is
defined as the maximum mean power received at the UE antenna port, over
the Transmission bandwidth configuration of each CC.

The throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexs A.3.2 and A.3.3
(with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD as described in Annex
A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters specified in Table 7.4A.1-1 for each
component carrier.

Table 7.4A.1-1: Maximum input level for Intra-band contiguous CA

+------------+-------+------------+----------+----------+---+
| Rx         | Units | NR CA      |          |          |   |
| Parameter  |       | Bandwidth  |          |          |   |
|            |       | Class      |          |          |   |
+============+=======+============+==========+==========+===+
|            |       | **B**      | **C**    | **D**    |   |
+------------+-------+------------+----------+----------+---+
| Power in   | dBm   | -23^2^     | -23^2^   | -25^2^   |   |
| largest    |       |            |          |          |   |
| tr         |       |            |          |          |   |
| ansmission |       |            |          |          |   |
| bandwidth  |       |            |          |          |   |
| con        |       |            |          |          |   |
| figuration |       |            |          |          |   |
| CC,        |       |            |          |          |   |
| P~la       |       |            |          |          |   |
| rgest\ BW~ |       |            |          |          |   |
+------------+-------+------------+----------+----------+---+
|            |       | -25^3,4^   | -25^3,4^ | -27^3,4^ |   |
+------------+-------+------------+----------+----------+---+
| Power in   | dBm   | P~la       |          |          |   |
| each other |       | rgest\ BW~ |          |          |   |
| CC         |       | +10\*      |          |          |   |
|            |       | log{(N~RB, |          |          |   |
|            |       | c~\*SCS~c~ |          |          |   |
|            |       | )/(N~RB,la |          |          |   |
|            |       | rgest\ BW~ |          |          |   |
|            |       | \*SCS~larg |          |          |   |
|            |       | est\ BW~)} |          |          |   |
+------------+-------+------------+----------+----------+---+
| NOTE 1:    |       |            |          |          |   |
| The        |       |            |          |          |   |
| t          |       |            |          |          |   |
| ransmitter |       |            |          |          |   |
| shall be   |       |            |          |          |   |
| set to 4   |       |            |          |          |   |
| dB below   |       |            |          |          |   |
| P~CM       |       |            |          |          |   |
| AX\_L,f,c~ |       |            |          |          |   |
| at the     |       |            |          |          |   |
| minimum    |       |            |          |          |   |
| uplink     |       |            |          |          |   |
| con        |       |            |          |          |   |
| figuration |       |            |          |          |   |
| specified  |       |            |          |          |   |
| in Table   |       |            |          |          |   |
| 7.3.2-3    |       |            |          |          |   |
| and        |       |            |          |          |   |
| 7.3F.2-3   |       |            |          |          |   |
| for shared |       |            |          |          |   |
| spectrum   |       |            |          |          |   |
| channel    |       |            |          |          |   |
| access     |       |            |          |          |   |
| operation  |       |            |          |          |   |
| with       |       |            |          |          |   |
| P~CM       |       |            |          |          |   |
| AX\_L,f,c~ |       |            |          |          |   |
| as defined |       |            |          |          |   |
| in clause  |       |            |          |          |   |
| 6.2.4.     |       |            |          |          |   |
|            |       |            |          |          |   |
| NOTE 2:    |       |            |          |          |   |
| Reference  |       |            |          |          |   |
| m          |       |            |          |          |   |
| easurement |       |            |          |          |   |
| channel is |       |            |          |          |   |
| A.3.2.3 or |       |            |          |          |   |
| A.3.3.3    |       |            |          |          |   |
| for 64     |       |            |          |          |   |
| QAM.       |       |            |          |          |   |
|            |       |            |          |          |   |
| NOTE 3:    |       |            |          |          |   |
| Reference  |       |            |          |          |   |
| m          |       |            |          |          |   |
| easurement |       |            |          |          |   |
| channel is |       |            |          |          |   |
| A.3.2.4 or |       |            |          |          |   |
| A.3.3.4    |       |            |          |          |   |
| for 256    |       |            |          |          |   |
| QAM.       |       |            |          |          |   |
|            |       |            |          |          |   |
| NOTE 4:    |       |            |          |          |   |
| Reference  |       |            |          |          |   |
| m          |       |            |          |          |   |
| easurement |       |            |          |          |   |
| channel is |       |            |          |          |   |
| A.3.2.5 or |       |            |          |          |   |
| A.3.3.5    |       |            |          |          |   |
| for 1024   |       |            |          |          |   |
| QAM.       |       |            |          |          |   |
+------------+-------+------------+----------+----------+---+

### 7.4A.2 Maximum input level for Intra-band non-contiguous CA

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation with one uplink
carrier and two or more downlink sub-blocks, each larger than or equal
to 5 MHz, the maximum input level requirements are defined with the
uplink configuration in accordance with 7.3A.2.2-1. For this uplink
configuration, the UE shall meet the requirements for each sub-block as
specified in Table 7.4-1 and Table 7.4A.1-1 for one component carrier
and two component carriers per sub-block, respectively. The throughput
of each downlink component carrier shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum
throughput of the specified reference measurement channel as specified
in Annex A.3.2 and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1
FDD/TDD as described in Annex A.5.1.1 and A.5.2.1. The requirements
apply with all downlink carriers active.

### 7.4A.3 Maximum input level for Inter-band CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation with one component carrier per
operating band and the uplink assigned to one NR band, the maximum input
level is defined with the uplink active on the band(s) other than the
band whose downlink is being tested. For NR CA configurations including
an operating band without uplink band or an operating band with an
unpaired DL part (as noted in Table 5.2-1), the requirements for all
downlinks shall be met with the single uplink carrier active in each
band capable of UL operation. The UE shall meet the requirements
specified in clause 7.4 for each component carrier while all downlink
carriers are active.

The throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexs A.3.2 and A.3.3
(with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD as described in Annex
A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) for each component carrier.

7.4B Maximum input level for NR-DC
----------------------------------

For inter-band NR-DC configurations, the maximum input level for the
corresponding inter-band CA configuration as specified in clause 7.4A
applies.

7.4D Maximum input level for UL MIMO
------------------------------------

For UE with two or four transmitter antenna connectors in closed-loop
spatial multiplexing, the minimum requirements specified in clause 7.4
shall be met with the UL MIMO configurations described in clause 6.2D.1
and clause 6.2F.1D for shared spectrum access operation. For UL MIMO,
the parameter P~CMAX\_L~ is defined as the total transmitter power over
all transmit antenna connectors.

7.4E Maximum input level for V2X
--------------------------------

### 7.4E.1 General

Maximum input level is defined as the maximum mean power received at the
UE antenna port, at which the specified relative throughput shall meet
or exceed the minimum requirements for the specified reference
measurement channel. When UE is configured for NR V2X reception
non-concurrent with NR uplink transmissions for NR V2X operating bands
specified in Table 5.2E.1-1, the throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the
maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as specified in
Annexes A.7.3 and A.7.4 with parameters specified in Table 7.4E.1-1.

Table 7.4E.1-1: Maximum input level of NR V2X

+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| Rx         | Units | Channel    |        |        |        |        |
| Parameter  |       | bandwidth  |        |        |        |        |
+============+=======+============+========+========+========+========+
|            |       | 5 MHz^3^   | 10 MHz | 20 MHz | 30 MHz | 40 MHz |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| Power in   | dBm   | -25^1^     | -25^1^ | -25^1^ | -23^1^ | -22^1^ |
| Tr         |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| ansmission |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| Bandwidth  |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| Con        |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| figuration |       |            |        |        |        |        |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
|            |       | -27^2^     | -27^2^ | -27^2^ | -25^2^ | -24^2^ |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| NOTE 1:    |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| Reference  |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| m          |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| easurement |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| channel is |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| A.7.3 for  |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| 64 QAM.    |       |            |        |        |        |        |
|            |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| NOTE 2:    |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| Reference  |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| m          |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| easurement |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| channel is |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| A.7.4 for  |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| 256 QAM.   |       |            |        |        |        |        |
|            |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| NOTE 3:    |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| The CBW is |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| only       |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| applicable |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| for PS UE  |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| in n14.    |       |            |        |        |        |        |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+

### 7.4E.1A Maximum input level for Sidelink CA

For intra-band contiguous NR SL CA operation, the following maximum
input level requirement shall be applied to the SL CA bandwidth class B.

**Table 7.4E.1A-1 Maximum input levels for intra-band contiguous CA UE**

+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| Rx Parameter      | Units | SL CA Bandwidth   |                   |
|                   |       | Class             |                   |
+===================+=======+===================+===================+
|                   |       | A                 | B                 |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| Power in largest  | dBm   |                   | -25 +             |
| Transmission      |       |                   | 10lo              |
| Bandwidth         |       |                   | g~10~(BW~Channel~ |
| Configuration CC  |       |                   | /20)^Note\ 1^     |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
|                   |       |                   | -27 +             |
|                   |       |                   | 10lo              |
|                   |       |                   | g~10~(BW~Channel~ |
|                   |       |                   | /20)^Note\ 2^     |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: Reference |       |                   |                   |
| measurement       |       |                   |                   |
| channel is A.7.3  |       |                   |                   |
| for 64 QAM.       |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
| NOTE 2: Reference |       |                   |                   |
| measurement       |       |                   |                   |
| channel is A.7.4  |       |                   |                   |
| for 256 QAM.      |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
| NOTE 3:           |       |                   |                   |
| 10log~10~(x) is   |       |                   |                   |
| rounded to the    |       |                   |                   |
| nearest 0.5dB     |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+

The throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annex A.7.3 and A.7.4.
The requirements apply with all downlink carriers active.

### 7.4E.1F General requirement for Sidelink Unlicensed

The maximum input level requirement of SL-U operation in clause 7.4
apply.

The throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.7.3 and A.7.4.

### 7.4E.2 Maximum input level for V2X concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR V2X operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.4E.1 shall apply for the NR sidelink reception in
the operating bands in Table 5.2E.2-1 and the requirements specified in
clause 7.4 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in licensed band
while all downlink carriers are active.

### 7.4E.2F Maximum input level for SL-U concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR SL-U operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.4E.1F shall apply for the NR sidelink reception in
the operating bands in Table 5.2E.2F-1 and the requirements specified in
clause 7.4 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in licensed band
while all downlink carriers are active.

7.4F (Reserved)
---------------

7.4G (Reserved)
---------------

7.4H (Reserved)
---------------

7.4I (Reserved)
---------------

7.4J Maximum input level for ATG
--------------------------------

Maximum input level is defined as the maximum mean power received at the
UE antenna port, at which the specified relative throughput shall meet
or exceed the minimum requirements for the specified reference
measurement channel. The throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum
throughput of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexs
A.3.2 and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD as
described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters specified in Table
7.4J-1.

Table 7.4J-1: Maximum input level for ATG

  Rx Parameter                                                                                                                                                                        Units   ATG UE Types                                                                               Reference measurement channel                                                                      
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                              Omni-directional antenna: receiver characteristics specified at the antenna connector(s)   Antenna array: receiver characteristics specified at transceiver array boundary (TAB) connectors   
  Power in Transmission Bandwidth Configuration                                                                                                                                       dBm     -42                                                                                        -30                                                                                                A.3.2.3 or A.3.3.3 for 64 QAM
                                                                                                                                                                                              -44                                                                                        -32                                                                                                A.3.2.4 or A.3.3.4 for 256 QAM
  The applicable channel bandwidths                                                                                                                                                   MHz     5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100                                                                                                                                    
  NOTE 1: The transmitter shall be set to 4 dB below P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the minimum uplink configuration specified in Table 7.3.2-3 with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ as defined in clause 6.2J.2.                                                                                                                                                                                                         

7.4K (Reserved)
---------------

7.4L (Reserved)
---------------

7.5 Adjacent channel selectivity
--------------------------------

Adjacent channel selectivity (ACS) is a measure of a receiver\'s ability
to receive an NR signal at its assigned channel frequency in the
presence of an adjacent channel signal at a given frequency offset from
the centre frequency of the assigned channel. ACS is the ratio of the
receive filter attenuation on the assigned channel frequency to the
receive filter attenuation on the adjacent channel(s).

The UE shall fulfil the minimum requirements specified in Table 7.5-1
for NR bands with FDL\_high \< 2700 MHz and FUL\_high \< 2700 MHz and
the minimum requirements specified in Table 7.5-2 for NR bands with
FDL\_low ≥ 3300 MHz and FUL\_low ≥ 3300 MHz. These requirements apply
for all values of an adjacent channel interferer up to -25 dBm and for
any SCS specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted signal.
However, it is not possible to directly measure the ACS; instead the
lower and upper range of test parameters are chosen as in Table 7.5-3
and Table 7.5-4 for verification of the requirements specified in Table
7.5-1, and as in Table 7.5-5 and Table 7.5-6 for verification of the
requirements specified in Table 7.5-2. For these test parameters, the
throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the reference
measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2, and A.3.3
(with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as
described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1). For operating bands with an
unpaired DL part (as noted in Table 5.2-1), the requirements only apply
for carriers assigned in the paired part.

Table 7.5-1: ACS for NR bands with F~DL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz and
F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz

  RX parameter                                                 Units   Channel bandwidth (MHz)        
  ------------------------------------------------------------ ------- ------------------------- ---- -------------------------------------------------
                                                                       3, 5, 10                  15   20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100
  ACS                                                          dB      33                        30   27 -- 10log~10~(BW~Channel~ /20)
  NOTE1: ACS value is rounded to the next higher 0.5dB value                                          

Table 7.5-2: ACS for NR bands with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz and F~UL\_low~
≥ 3300 MHz

  RX parameter   Units   Channel bandwidth (MHz)
  -------------- ------- ---------------------------------------------------------
                         10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100
  ACS            dB      33

Table 7.5-3: Test parameters for NR bands with F~DL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz
and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz, case 1

+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| RX       | Units | Channel  |          |          |          |
| p        |       | b        |          |          |          |
| arameter |       | andwidth |          |          |          |
|          |       | (MHz)    |          |          |          |
+==========+=======+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |       | 3        | 5, 10    | 15       | 20, 25,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 30, 35,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 40, 45,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 50, 60,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 70, 80,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 90, 100  |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Power in | dBm   | REFSENS  |          |          |          |
| tran     |       | + 14 dB  |          |          |          |
| smission |       |          |          |          |          |
| b        |       |          |          |          |          |
| andwidth |       |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |       |          |          |          |          |
| guration |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P~interf | dBm   | REFSENS  | REFSENS  | REFSENS  |          |
| erer~^4^ |       | + 45.5   | + 42.5   | + 39.5   |          |
|          |       | dB       | dB       | --       |          |
|          |       |          |          | 10log    |          |
|          |       |          |          | ~10~(BW~ |          |
|          |       |          |          | Channel~ |          |
|          |       |          |          | /20)     |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| BW~int   | MHz   | 3        | 5        |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F~int    | MHz   | 3 /- 3   | BW~      |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          | Channel~ |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          | /2 + 2.5 |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          | /        |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          | -(BW~    |          |          |
|          |       |          | Channel~ |          |          |
|          |       |          | /2 +     |          |          |
|          |       |          | 2.5)     |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |       |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitter |       |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |       |          |          |          |          |
| set to 4 |       |          |          |          |          |
| dB below |       |          |          |          |          |
| P~CMAX   |       |          |          |          |          |
| \_L,f,c~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| at the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| minimum  |       |          |          |          |          |
| UL       |       |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |       |          |          |          |          |
| guration |       |          |          |          |          |
| s        |       |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |       |          |          |          |          |
| in Table |       |          |          |          |          |
| 7.3.2-3  |       |          |          |          |          |
| with     |       |          |          |          |          |
| P~CMAX   |       |          |          |          |          |
| \_L,f,c~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| clause   |       |          |          |          |          |
| 6.2.4.   |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| absolute |       |          |          |          |          |
| value of |       |          |          |          |          |
| the      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |       |          |          |          |          |
| F~int    |       |          |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |       |          |          |          |          |
| further  |       |          |          |          |          |
| adjusted |       |          |          |          |          |
| to MHz   |       |          |          |          |          |
| with SCS |       |          |          |          |          |
| the      |       |          |          |          |          |
| sub      |       |          |          |          |          |
| -carrier |       |          |          |          |          |
| spacing  |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| wanted   |       |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| in MHz.  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| is an NR |       |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| with 15  |       |          |          |          |          |
| kHz SCS. |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| consists |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| NR       |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| RMC      |       |          |          |          |          |
| s        |       |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| Annexes  |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.2.2  |       |          |          |          |          |
| and      |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.3.2  |       |          |          |          |          |
| with one |       |          |          |          |          |
| sided    |       |          |          |          |          |
| dynamic  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OCNG     |       |          |          |          |          |
| Pattern  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OP.1     |       |          |          |          |          |
| FDD/TDD  |       |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |       |          |          |          |          |
| D        |       |          |          |          |          |
| L-signal |       |          |          |          |          |
| as       |       |          |          |          |          |
| d        |       |          |          |          |          |
| escribed |       |          |          |          |          |
| in Annex |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.5.1.1/ |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.5.2.1. |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| 10lo     |       |          |          |          |          |
| g~10~(x) |       |          |          |          |          |
| is       |       |          |          |          |          |
| rounded  |       |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| next     |       |          |          |          |          |
| higher   |       |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5dB    |       |          |          |          |          |
| value.   |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 7.5-4: Test parameters for NR bands with F~DL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz
and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz, case 2

+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| RX       | Units | Channel  |          |          |          |
| p        |       | b        |          |          |          |
| arameter |       | andwidth |          |          |          |
|          |       | (MHz)    |          |          |          |
+==========+=======+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |       | 3        | 5, 10    | 15       | 20, 25,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 30, 35,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 40, 45,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 50, 60,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 70, 80,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 90, 100  |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Power in | dBm   | -56.5    | -53.5    | -50.5 +  |          |
| tran     |       |          |          | 10log    |          |
| smission |       |          |          | ~10~(BW~ |          |
| b        |       |          |          | Channel~ |          |
| andwidth |       |          |          | /20)     |          |
| configur |       |          |          |          |          |
| ation^4^ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P~int    | dBm   | -25      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| BW~int   | MHz   | 3        | 5        |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F~int    | MHz   | 3 /- 3   | BW~      |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          | Channel~ |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          | /2 + 2.5 |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          | /        |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          | -(BW~    |          |          |
|          |       |          | Channel~ |          |          |
|          |       |          | /2 +     |          |          |
|          |       |          | 2.5)     |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |       |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitter |       |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |       |          |          |          |          |
| set to   |       |          |          |          |          |
| 24 dB    |       |          |          |          |          |
| below    |       |          |          |          |          |
| P~CMAX   |       |          |          |          |          |
| \_L,f,c~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| at the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| minimum  |       |          |          |          |          |
| UL       |       |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |       |          |          |          |          |
| guration |       |          |          |          |          |
| s        |       |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |       |          |          |          |          |
| in Table |       |          |          |          |          |
| 7.3.2-3  |       |          |          |          |          |
| with     |       |          |          |          |          |
| P~CMAX   |       |          |          |          |          |
| \_L,f,c~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| clause   |       |          |          |          |          |
| 6.2.4.   |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| absolute |       |          |          |          |          |
| value of |       |          |          |          |          |
| the      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |       |          |          |          |          |
| F~int    |       |          |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |       |          |          |          |          |
| further  |       |          |          |          |          |
| adjusted |       |          |          |          |          |
| to MHz   |       |          |          |          |          |
| with SCS |       |          |          |          |          |
| the      |       |          |          |          |          |
| sub      |       |          |          |          |          |
| -carrier |       |          |          |          |          |
| spacing  |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| wanted   |       |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| in MHz.  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| is an NR |       |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| with 15  |       |          |          |          |          |
| kHz SCS. |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| consists |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| RMC      |       |          |          |          |          |
| s        |       |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| Annexes  |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.2.2  |       |          |          |          |          |
| and      |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.3.2  |       |          |          |          |          |
| with one |       |          |          |          |          |
| sided    |       |          |          |          |          |
| dynamic  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OCNG     |       |          |          |          |          |
| Pattern  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OP.1     |       |          |          |          |          |
| FDD/TDD  |       |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |       |          |          |          |          |
| D        |       |          |          |          |          |
| L-signal |       |          |          |          |          |
| as       |       |          |          |          |          |
| d        |       |          |          |          |          |
| escribed |       |          |          |          |          |
| in Annex |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.5.1.1  |       |          |          |          |          |
| /A.5.2.1 |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| 10lo     |       |          |          |          |          |
| g~10~(x) |       |          |          |          |          |
| is       |       |          |          |          |          |
| rounded  |       |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| next     |       |          |          |          |          |
| higher   |       |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5dB    |       |          |          |          |          |
| value.   |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 7.5-5: Test parameters for NR bands with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz and
F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz, case 1

+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| RX parameter                | Units | Channel bandwidth (MHz)     |
+=============================+=======+=============================+
|                             |       | 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,         |
|                             |       | [35]{.underline}, 40, 45,   |
|                             |       | 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100     |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Power in transmission       | dBm   | REFSENS + 14 dB             |
| bandwidth configuration     |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| P~interferer~               | dBm   | REFSENS + 45.5 dB           |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| BW~interferer~              | MHz   | BW~Channel~                 |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| F~interferer~ (offset)      | MHz   | BW~Channel~                 |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | /                           |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | -BW~Channel~                |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The transmitter     |       |                             |
| shall be set to 4 dB below  |       |                             |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the       |       |                             |
| minimum UL configuration    |       |                             |
| specified in Table 7.3.2-3  |       |                             |
| with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined |       |                             |
| in clause 6.2.4.            |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 2: The absolute value  |       |                             |
| of the interferer offset    |       |                             |
| F~interferer~ (offset)      |       |                             |
| shall be further adjusted   |       |                             |
| to MHz with SCS the         |       |                             |
| sub-carrier spacing of the  |       |                             |
| wanted signal in MHz. The   |       |                             |
| interferer is an NR signal  |       |                             |
| with an SCS equal to that   |       |                             |
| of the wanted signal.       |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 3: The interferer      |       |                             |
| consists of the RMC         |       |                             |
| specified in Annexes        |       |                             |
| A.3.2.2 and A.3.3.2 with    |       |                             |
| one sided dynamic OCNG      |       |                             |
| Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for    |       |                             |
| the DL-signal as described  |       |                             |
| in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1.   |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+

Table 7.5-6: Test parameters for NR bands with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz and
F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz, case 2

+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| RX parameter                | Units | Channel bandwidth (MHz)     |
+=============================+=======+=============================+
|                             |       | 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, |
|                             |       | 45, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100 |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Power in transmission       | dBm   | -56.5                       |
| bandwidth configuration     |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| P~interferer~               | dBm   | -25                         |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| BW~interferer~              | MHz   | BW~Channel~                 |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| F~interferer~ (offset)      | MHz   | BW~Channel~                 |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | /                           |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | -BW~Channel~                |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The transmitter     |       |                             |
| shall be set to 24 dB below |       |                             |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the       |       |                             |
| minimum UL configuration    |       |                             |
| specified in Table 7.3.2-3  |       |                             |
| with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined |       |                             |
| in clause 6.2.4.            |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 2: The absolute value  |       |                             |
| of the interferer offset    |       |                             |
| F~interferer~ (offset)      |       |                             |
| shall be further adjusted   |       |                             |
| to MHz with SCS the         |       |                             |
| sub-carrier spacing of the  |       |                             |
| wanted signal in MHz. The   |       |                             |
| interferer is an NR signal  |       |                             |
| with an SCS equal to that   |       |                             |
| of the wanted signal.       |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 3: The interferer      |       |                             |
| consists of the RMC         |       |                             |
| specified in Annexes        |       |                             |
| A.3.2.2 and A.3.3.2 with    |       |                             |
| one sided dynamic OCNG      |       |                             |
| Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for    |       |                             |
| the DL-signal as described  |       |                             |
| in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1.   |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+

7.5A Adjacent channel selectivity for CA
----------------------------------------

### 7.5A.1 Adjacent channel selectivity for Intra-band contiguous CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation the downlink SCC(s) shall
be configured at nominal channel spacing to the PCC. The UE shall fulfil
the minimum requirement specified in Table 7.5A.1-1 and 7.5A.1-1a for an
adjacent channel interferer on either side of the aggregated downlink
signal at a specified frequency offset and for an interferer power up to
-25 dBm.

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters
specified in Tables 7.5A.1-2, 7.5A.1-2a, 7.5A.1-3 and 7.5A.1-3a.

Table 7.5A.1-1: ACS for intra-band contiguous CA with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300
MHz and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz

                         NR CA bandwidth class                 
  -------------- ------- ----------------------- ------ ------ --
  Rx Parameter   Units   B                       C      D      
  ACS            dB      26.0                    33.0   25.2   

Table 7.5A.1-1a: ACS for intra-band contiguous CA with F~DL\_high~ \<
2700 MHz and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz

                         NR CA bandwidth class   
  -------------- ------- ----------------------- ------
  Rx Parameter   Units   B                       C
  ACS            dB      20.0                    17.0

Table 7.5A.1-2: Test parameters for intra-band contiguous CA with
F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz, case 1

+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| Rx         | Units | NR CA      |            |            |   |
| Parameter  |       | bandwidth  |            |            |   |
|            |       | class      |            |            |   |
+============+=======+============+============+============+===+
|            |       | B          | C          | D          |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| Pw in      | dBm   | REFSENS +  | REFSENS +  | REFSENS +  |   |
| Tr         |       | 14 dB      | 14 dB      | 14 dB      |   |
| ansmission |       |            |            |            |   |
| Bandwidth  |       |            |            |            |   |
| Conf       |       |            |            |            |   |
| iguration, |       |            |            |            |   |
| per CC     |       |            |            |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| **P~Int    | dBm   | Aggregated | Aggregated | Aggregated |   |
| erferer~** |       | power +    | power +    | power +    |   |
|            |       | 24.5 dB    | 31.5 dB    | 23.7 dB    |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| **BW~Int   | MHz   | 20         | BW~ch      | 50         |   |
| erferer~** |       |            | annel\ CA~ |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| **F~I      | MHz   | 10 +       | BW~chan    | 25 +       |   |
| nterferer~ |       | Foffset    | nel\ CA~/2 | F~offset~  |   |
| (offset)** |       |            | +          |            |   |
|            |       | /          | F~offset~  | /          |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
|            |       | -10 -      | /          | -25        |   |
|            |       | Foffset    |            | -F~offset~ |   |
|            |       |            | -BW~chan   |            |   |
|            |       |            | nel\ CA~/2 |            |   |
|            |       |            | +          |            |   |
|            |       |            | F~offset~  |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| NOTE 1:    |       |            |            |            |   |
| The        |       |            |            |            |   |
| t          |       |            |            |            |   |
| ransmitter |       |            |            |            |   |
| shall be   |       |            |            |            |   |
| set to 4   |       |            |            |            |   |
| dB below   |       |            |            |            |   |
| P~CM       |       |            |            |            |   |
| AX\_L,f,c~ |       |            |            |            |   |
| at the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| minimum UL |       |            |            |            |   |
| con        |       |            |            |            |   |
| figuration |       |            |            |            |   |
| specified  |       |            |            |            |   |
| in Table   |       |            |            |            |   |
| 7.3.2-3    |       |            |            |            |   |
| with       |       |            |            |            |   |
| P~CM       |       |            |            |            |   |
| AX\_L,f,c~ |       |            |            |            |   |
| defined in |       |            |            |            |   |
| clause     |       |            |            |            |   |
| 6.2.4 .    |       |            |            |            |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
| NOTE 2:    |       |            |            |            |   |
| The        |       |            |            |            |   |
| absolute   |       |            |            |            |   |
| value of   |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| offset     |       |            |            |            |   |
| F~i        |       |            |            |            |   |
| nterferer~ |       |            |            |            |   |
| (offset)   |       |            |            |            |   |
| shall be   |       |            |            |            |   |
| further    |       |            |            |            |   |
| adjusted   |       |            |            |            |   |
| to MHz     |       |            |            |            |   |
| with SCS   |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| s          |       |            |            |            |   |
| ub-carrier |       |            |            |            |   |
| spacing of |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| carrier    |       |            |            |            |   |
| closest to |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| in MHz.    |       |            |            |            |   |
| The        |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| is an NR   |       |            |            |            |   |
| signal     |       |            |            |            |   |
| with an    |       |            |            |            |   |
| SCS equal  |       |            |            |            |   |
| to that of |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| closest    |       |            |            |            |   |
| carrier.   |       |            |            |            |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
| NOTE 3:    |       |            |            |            |   |
| The        |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| consists   |       |            |            |            |   |
| of the RMC |       |            |            |            |   |
| specified  |       |            |            |            |   |
| in Annexes |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.3.2.2    |       |            |            |            |   |
| and        |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.3.3.2    |       |            |            |            |   |
| with one   |       |            |            |            |   |
| sided      |       |            |            |            |   |
| dynamic    |       |            |            |            |   |
| OCNG       |       |            |            |            |   |
| Pattern    |       |            |            |            |   |
| OP.1       |       |            |            |            |   |
| FDD/TDD    |       |            |            |            |   |
| for the    |       |            |            |            |   |
| DL-signal  |       |            |            |            |   |
| as         |       |            |            |            |   |
| described  |       |            |            |            |   |
| in Annex   |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.5.1.     |       |            |            |            |   |
| 1/A.5.2.1. |       |            |            |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+

Table 7.5A.1-2a: Test parameters for intra-band contiguous CA with
F~DL\_high~\<2700 MHz and F~UL\_high~\<2700 MHz, case 1

+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| Rx Parameter      | Units | NR CA bandwidth   |                   |
|                   |       | class             |                   |
+===================+=======+===================+===================+
|                   |       | B                 | C                 |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| Pw in             | dBm   | REFSENS + 14 dB   | REFSENS + 14 dB   |
| Transmission      |       |                   |                   |
| Bandwidth         |       |                   |                   |
| Configuration,    |       |                   |                   |
| per CC            |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| **P~Interferer~** | dBm   | Aggregated power  | Aggregated power  |
|                   |       | + 18.5 dB         | + 15.5 dB         |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| *                 | MHz   | 5                 | 5                 |
| *BW~Interferer~** |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| **F~Interferer~   | MHz   | 2.5 + F~offset~   | 2.5 + F~offset~   |
| (offset)**        |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       | /                 | /                 |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       | -2.5 - F~offset~  | -2.5 - F~offset~  |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: The       |       |                   |                   |
| transmitter shall |       |                   |                   |
| be set to 4 dB    |       |                   |                   |
| below             |       |                   |                   |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at |       |                   |                   |
| the minimum UL    |       |                   |                   |
| configuration     |       |                   |                   |
| specified in      |       |                   |                   |
| Table 7.3.2-3     |       |                   |                   |
| with              |       |                   |                   |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~    |       |                   |                   |
| defined in clause |       |                   |                   |
| 6.2.4 .           |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
| NOTE 2: The       |       |                   |                   |
| absolute value of |       |                   |                   |
| the interferer    |       |                   |                   |
| offset            |       |                   |                   |
| F~interferer~     |       |                   |                   |
| (offset) shall be |       |                   |                   |
| further adjusted  |       |                   |                   |
| to MHz with SCS   |       |                   |                   |
| the sub-carrier   |       |                   |                   |
| spacing of the    |       |                   |                   |
| carrier closest   |       |                   |                   |
| to the interferer |       |                   |                   |
| in MHz. The       |       |                   |                   |
| interferer is an  |       |                   |                   |
| NR signal with 15 |       |                   |                   |
| kHz SCS.          |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
| NOTE 3: The       |       |                   |                   |
| interferer        |       |                   |                   |
| consists of the   |       |                   |                   |
| RMC specified in  |       |                   |                   |
| Annexes A.3.2.2   |       |                   |                   |
| and A.3.3.2 with  |       |                   |                   |
| one sided dynamic |       |                   |                   |
| OCNG Pattern OP.1 |       |                   |                   |
| FDD/TDD for the   |       |                   |                   |
| DL-signal as      |       |                   |                   |
| described in      |       |                   |                   |
| Annex             |       |                   |                   |
| A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1.  |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+

Table 7.5A.1-3: Test parameters for intra-band contiguous CA with
F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz, case 2

+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| Rx         | Units | NR CA      |            |            |   |
| Parameter  |       | bandwidth  |            |            |   |
|            |       | class      |            |            |   |
+============+=======+============+============+============+===+
|            |       | B          | C          | D          |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| Pw in      | dBm   | -49.5 +    | -56.5      | -48.7 +    |   |
| Tr         |       | 10log      |            | 10log      |   |
| ansmission |       | (N~RB,c~/N |            | (N~RB,c~/N |   |
| Bandwidth  |       | ~RB\_agg~) |            | ~RB\_agg~) |   |
| Conf       |       |            |            |            |   |
| iguration, |       |            |            |            |   |
| per CC     |       |            |            |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| **P~Int    | dBm   | -25        | -25        | -25        |   |
| erferer~** |       |            |            |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| **BW~Int   | MHz   | 20         | BW~ch      | 50         |   |
| erferer~** |       |            | annel\ CA~ |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| **F~I      | MHz   | 10 +       | BW~chan    | 25 +       |   |
| nterferer~ |       | F~offset~  | nel\ CA~/2 | F~offset~  |   |
| (offset)** |       |            | +          |            |   |
|            |       | /          | F~offset~  | /          |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
|            |       | -10        | /          | -25        |   |
|            |       | -F~offset~ |            | -F~offset~ |   |
|            |       |            | -BW~chan   |            |   |
|            |       |            | nel\ CA~/2 |            |   |
|            |       |            | +          |            |   |
|            |       |            | F~offset~  |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| NOTE 1:    |       |            |            |            |   |
| The        |       |            |            |            |   |
| t          |       |            |            |            |   |
| ransmitter |       |            |            |            |   |
| shall be   |       |            |            |            |   |
| set to 24  |       |            |            |            |   |
| dB below   |       |            |            |            |   |
| P~CM       |       |            |            |            |   |
| AX\_L,f,c~ |       |            |            |            |   |
| at the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| minimum UL |       |            |            |            |   |
| con        |       |            |            |            |   |
| figuration |       |            |            |            |   |
| specified  |       |            |            |            |   |
| in Table   |       |            |            |            |   |
| 7.3.2-3    |       |            |            |            |   |
| with       |       |            |            |            |   |
| P~CM       |       |            |            |            |   |
| AX\_L,f,c~ |       |            |            |            |   |
| defined in |       |            |            |            |   |
| clause     |       |            |            |            |   |
| 6.2.4.     |       |            |            |            |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
| NOTE 2:    |       |            |            |            |   |
| The        |       |            |            |            |   |
| absolute   |       |            |            |            |   |
| value of   |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| offset     |       |            |            |            |   |
| F~i        |       |            |            |            |   |
| nterferer~ |       |            |            |            |   |
| (offset)   |       |            |            |            |   |
| shall be   |       |            |            |            |   |
| further    |       |            |            |            |   |
| adjusted   |       |            |            |            |   |
| to MHz     |       |            |            |            |   |
| with SCS   |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| s          |       |            |            |            |   |
| ub-carrier |       |            |            |            |   |
| spacing of |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| carrier    |       |            |            |            |   |
| closest to |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| in MHz.    |       |            |            |            |   |
| The        |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| is an NR   |       |            |            |            |   |
| signal     |       |            |            |            |   |
| with an    |       |            |            |            |   |
| SCS equal  |       |            |            |            |   |
| to that of |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| closest    |       |            |            |            |   |
| carrier.   |       |            |            |            |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
| NOTE 3:    |       |            |            |            |   |
| The        |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| consists   |       |            |            |            |   |
| of the RMC |       |            |            |            |   |
| specified  |       |            |            |            |   |
| in Annexes |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.3.2.2    |       |            |            |            |   |
| and        |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.3.3.2    |       |            |            |            |   |
| with one   |       |            |            |            |   |
| sided      |       |            |            |            |   |
| dynamic    |       |            |            |            |   |
| OCNG       |       |            |            |            |   |
| Pattern    |       |            |            |            |   |
| OP.1       |       |            |            |            |   |
| FDD/TDD    |       |            |            |            |   |
| for the    |       |            |            |            |   |
| DL-signal  |       |            |            |            |   |
| as         |       |            |            |            |   |
| described  |       |            |            |            |   |
| in Annex   |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.5.1.     |       |            |            |            |   |
| 1/A.5.2.1. |       |            |            |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+

Table 7.5A.1-3a: Test parameters for intra-band contiguous CA with
F~DL\_high~ \<2700 MHz and F~UL\_high~\<2700 MHz, case 2

+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| Rx Parameter      | Units | NR CA Bandwidth   |                   |
|                   |       | Class             |                   |
+===================+=======+===================+===================+
|                   |       | B                 | C                 |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| Pw in             | dBm   | -43.5 +           | -40.5 +           |
| Transmission      |       | 10log(N~          | 10log(N~          |
| Bandwidth         |       | RB,c~/N~RB\_agg~) | RB,c~/N~RB\_agg~) |
| Configuration,    |       |                   |                   |
| per CC            |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| **P~Interferer~** | dBm   | -25               | -25               |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| *                 | MHz   | 5                 | 5                 |
| *BW~Interferer~** |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| **F~Interferer~   | MHz   | 2.5 + F~offset~   | 2.5 + F~offset~   |
| (offset)**        |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       | /                 | /                 |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       | -2.5 - F~offset~  | -2.5 - F~offset~  |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: The       |       |                   |                   |
| transmitter shall |       |                   |                   |
| be set to 24 dB   |       |                   |                   |
| below             |       |                   |                   |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at |       |                   |                   |
| the minimum UL    |       |                   |                   |
| configuration     |       |                   |                   |
| specified in      |       |                   |                   |
| Table 7.3.2-3     |       |                   |                   |
| with              |       |                   |                   |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~    |       |                   |                   |
| defined in clause |       |                   |                   |
| 6.2.4.            |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
| NOTE 2: The       |       |                   |                   |
| absolute value of |       |                   |                   |
| the interferer    |       |                   |                   |
| offset            |       |                   |                   |
| F~interferer~     |       |                   |                   |
| (offset) shall be |       |                   |                   |
| further adjusted  |       |                   |                   |
| to MHz with SCS   |       |                   |                   |
| the sub-carrier   |       |                   |                   |
| spacing of the    |       |                   |                   |
| carrier closest   |       |                   |                   |
| to the interferer |       |                   |                   |
| in MHz. The       |       |                   |                   |
| interferer is an  |       |                   |                   |
| NR signal with 15 |       |                   |                   |
| kHz SCS.          |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
| NOTE 3: The       |       |                   |                   |
| interferer        |       |                   |                   |
| consists of the   |       |                   |                   |
| RMC specified in  |       |                   |                   |
| Annexes A.3.2.2   |       |                   |                   |
| and A.3.3.2 with  |       |                   |                   |
| one sided dynamic |       |                   |                   |
| OCNG Pattern OP.1 |       |                   |                   |
| FDD/TDD for the   |       |                   |                   |
| DL-signal as      |       |                   |                   |
| described in      |       |                   |                   |
| Annex             |       |                   |                   |
| A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1.  |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+

### 7.5A.2 Adjacent channel selectivity Intra-band non-contiguous CA

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation with F**~DL\_high~**
\< 2700 MHz and F**~UL\_high~** \< 2700 MHz with one uplink carrier and
two or more downlink sub-blocks, each larger than or equal to 5 MHz, the
adjacent channel selectivity requirements are defined with the uplink
configuration in accordance with Table 7.3A.2.2-1. For this uplink
configuration, the UE shall meet the requirements for each sub-block as
specified in clauses 7.5 and 7.5A.1 for one component carrier and two
component carriers per sub-block, respectively. The UE shall fulfil the
minimum requirements all values of a single adjacent channel interferer
in-gap and out-of-gap up to a --25 dBm interferer power while all
downlink carriers are active. For the lower range of test parameters
(Case 1), the interferer power Pinterferer shall be set to the maximum
of the levels given by the carriers of the respective sub-blocks as
specified in Table 7.5-3 and Table 7.5A.1-2a for one component carrier
and two component carriers per sub-block, respectively. The wanted
signal power levels for the carriers of each sub-block shall then be
adjusted relative to Pinterferer in accordance with the ACS requirement
for each sub-block (Table 7.5-1 and Table 7.5A.1-1a). For the upper
range of test parameters (Case 2) for which the interferer power
Pinterferer is -25 dBm (Table 7.5-4 and Table 7.5A.1-3a) the wanted
signal power levels for the carriers of each sub-block shall be adjusted
relative to Pinterferer like for Case 1.

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation with F**~DL\_low~** ≥
3300 MHz and F**~UL\_low~** ≥ 3300 MHz with one uplink carrier and two
or more downlink sub-blocks, each larger than or equal to 5 MHz, the
adjacent channel selectivity requirements are defined with the uplink
configuration in accordance with Table 7.3A.2.2-1. For this uplink
configuration, the UE shall meet the requirements for each sub-block as
specified in clauses 7.5 and 7.5A.1 for one component carrier and two
component carriers per sub-block, respectively. The UE shall fulfil the
minimum requirements all values of a single adjacent channel interferer
in-gap and out-of-gap up to a --25 dBm interferer power while all
downlink carriers are active. For the lower range of test parameters
(Case 1), the interferer power Pinterferer shall be set to the maximum
of the levels given by the carriers of the respective sub-blocks as
specified in Table 7.5-5 and Table 7.5A.1-2 for one component carrier
and two component carriers per sub-block, respectively. The wanted
signal power levels for the carriers of each sub-block shall then be
adjusted relative to Pinterferer in accordance with the ACS requirement
for each sub-block (Table 7.5-2 and Table 7.5A.1-1). For the upper range
of test parameters (Case 2) for which the interferer power Pinterferer
is -25 dBm (Table 7.5-6 and Table 7.5A.1-3) the wanted signal power
levels for the carriers of each sub-block shall be adjusted relative to
Pinterferer like for Case 1.

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

### 7.5A.3 Adjacent channel selectivity Inter-band CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation with one component carrier per
operating band and the uplink assigned to one NR band, the adjacent
channel requirements are defined with the uplink active on the band(s)
other than the band whose downlink is being tested. For NR CA
configurations including an operating band without uplink operation or
an operating band with an unpaired DL part (as noted in Table 5.2-1),
the requirements for all downlinks shall be met with the single uplink
carrier active in each band capable of UL operation. The UE shall meet
the requirements specified in clause 7.5 and clause 7.5F when the
downlink belongs to a spectrum sharing defined band, for each component
carrier while all downlink carriers are active.

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

7.5B Adjacent channel selectivity for NR-DC
-------------------------------------------

For inter-band NR-DC configurations, the adjacent channel selectivity
for the corresponding inter-band CA configuration as specified in clause
7.5A applies.

7.5D Adjacent channel selectivity for UL MIMO
---------------------------------------------

For UE(s) with two or four transmitter antenna connectors in closed-loop
spatial multiplexing scheme, the minimum requirements specified in
clause 7.5 shall be met with the UL MIMO configurations described in
clause 6.2D.1 and clause 6.2F.1D for shared spectrum access operation.
For UL MIMO, the parameter P~CMAX\_L~ is defined as the total
transmitter power over all transmit antenna connectors.

7.5E Adjacent channel selectivity for V2X
-----------------------------------------

### 7.5E.1 General

Adjacent channel selectivity (ACS) is a measure of a receiver\'s ability
to receive an NR signal at its assigned channel frequency in the
presence of an adjacent channel signal at a given frequency offset from
the centre frequency of the assigned channel. ACS is the ratio of the
receive filter attenuation on the assigned channel frequency to the
receive filter attenuation on the adjacent channel(s).

The UE shall fulfil the minimum requirements specified in Table 7.5E.1-1
for NR V2X UE. These requirements apply for all values of an adjacent
channel interferer up to -25 dBm and for any SCS specified for the
channel bandwidth of the wanted signal. However, it is not possible to
directly measure the ACS; instead the lower and upper range of test
parameters are chosen as in Table 7.5E.1-2 and Table 7.5E.1-3 for
verification of the requirements specified in Table 7.5E.1-1. For these
test parameters, when UE is configured for NR V2X reception
non-concurrent with NR uplink transmissions for NR V2X operating bands
specified in Table 5.2E.1-1, the throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the
maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as specified in
Annexes A.7.2.

In licensed band, the minimum requirements shall reuse the same ACS
values with NR UE.

Table 7.5E.1-1: Adjacent channel selectivity for NR V2X

  RX parameter                                           Units   Channel bandwidth                              
  ------------------------------------------------------ ------- ------------------- -------- -------- -------- --------
                                                                 5 MHz^1^            10 MHz   20 MHz   30 MHz   40 MHz
  ACS                                                    dB      33.0                33.0     27.0     25.5     24.0
  NOTE 1: The CBW is only applicable for PS UE in n14.                                                          

Table 7.5E.1-2: Test parameters for Adjacent channel selectivity for
V2X, Case 1

+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| RX       | Units | Channel  |          |          |          |
| p        |       | b        |          |          |          |
| arameter |       | andwidth |          |          |          |
+==========+=======+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |       | 10 MHz   | 20 MHz   | 30 MHz   | 40 MHz   |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Power in | dBm   | P~REFSE  |          |          |          |
| tran     |       | NS\_V2X~ |          |          |          |
| smission |       | + 14 dB  |          |          |          |
| b        |       |          |          |          |          |
| andwidth |       |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |       |          |          |          |          |
| guration |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P~int    | dBm   | P~REFSE  | P~REFSE  | P~REFSE  | P~REFSE  |
| erferer~ |       | NS\_V2X~ | NS\_V2X~ | NS\_V2X~ | NS\_V2X~ |
|          |       | + 45.5   | + 39.5   | + 38.0   | + 36.5   |
|          |       | dB       | dB       | dB       | dB       |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| BW~int   | MHz   | 10       | 10       | 10       | 10       |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F~int    | MHz   | 10 / -10 | 15 / -15 | 20 / -20 | 25 / -25 |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| is QPSK  |       |          |          |          |          |
| m        |       |          |          |          |          |
| odulated |       |          |          |          |          |
| PUSCH    |       |          |          |          |          |
| co       |       |          |          |          |          |
| ntaining |       |          |          |          |          |
| data and |       |          |          |          |          |
| r        |       |          |          |          |          |
| eference |       |          |          |          |          |
| symbols. |       |          |          |          |          |
| Normal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| cyclic   |       |          |          |          |          |
| prefix   |       |          |          |          |          |
| is used. |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| absolute |       |          |          |          |          |
| value of |       |          |          |          |          |
| the      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |       |          |          |          |          |
| F~int    |       |          |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |       |          |          |          |          |
| further  |       |          |          |          |          |
| adjusted |       |          |          |          |          |
| to MHz   |       |          |          |          |          |
| with SCS |       |          |          |          |          |
| the      |       |          |          |          |          |
| sub      |       |          |          |          |          |
| -carrier |       |          |          |          |          |
| spacing  |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| wanted   |       |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| in MHz.  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| is an NR |       |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| with 15  |       |          |          |          |          |
| kHz SCS. |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 7.5E.1-2a: Test parameters for Adjacent channel selectivity in
n14, Case 1

+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| RX       | Units | Channel  |          |        |        |        |
| p        |       | b        |          |        |        |        |
| arameter |       | andwidth |          |        |        |        |
+==========+=======+==========+==========+========+========+========+
|          |       | 5 MHz    | 10 MHz   | 20 MHz | 30 MHz | 40 MHz |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| Power in | dBm   | P~REFSE  |          |        |        |        |
| tran     |       | NS\_V2X~ |          |        |        |        |
| smission |       | + 14 dB  |          |        |        |        |
| b        |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| andwidth |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| confi    |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| guration |       |          |          |        |        |        |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| P~int    | dBm   | P~REFSE  | P~REFSE  |        |        |        |
| erferer~ |       | NS\_V2X~ | NS\_V2X~ |        |        |        |
|          |       | + 45.5   | + 45.5   |        |        |        |
|          |       | dB       | dB       |        |        |        |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| BW~int   | MHz   | 5        | 5        |        |        |        |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |        |        |        |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| F~int    | MHz   | 5 / -5   | 7.5 /    |        |        |        |
| erferer~ |       |          | -7.5     |        |        |        |
| (offset) |       |          |          |        |        |        |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| NOTE 1:  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| The      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| in       |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| terferer |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| is QPSK  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| m        |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| odulated |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| PUSCH    |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| co       |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| ntaining |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| data and |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| r        |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| eference |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| symbols. |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| Normal   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| cyclic   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| prefix   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| is used. |       |          |          |        |        |        |
|          |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| NOTE 2:  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| The      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| absolute |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| value of |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| the      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| in       |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| terferer |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| offset   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| F~int    |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| (offset) |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| shall be |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| further  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| adjusted |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| to MHz   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| with SCS |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| the      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| sub      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| -carrier |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| spacing  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| of the   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| wanted   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| signal   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| in MHz.  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| The      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| in       |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| terferer |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| is an NR |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| signal   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| with 15  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| kHz SCS. |       |          |          |        |        |        |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+

Table 7.5E.1-3: Test parameters for Adjacent channel selectivity for
V2X, Case 2

+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| RX       | Units | Channel  |          |          |          |
| p        |       | b        |          |          |          |
| arameter |       | andwidth |          |          |          |
+==========+=======+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |       | 10 MHz   | 20 MHz   | 30 MHz   | 40 MHz   |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Power in | dBm   | -56.5    | -50.5    | -49.0    | -47.5    |
| tran     |       |          |          |          |          |
| smission |       |          |          |          |          |
| b        |       |          |          |          |          |
| andwidth |       |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |       |          |          |          |          |
| guration |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P~int    | dBm   | -25      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| BW~int   | MHz   | 10       | 10       | 10       | 10       |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F~int    | MHz   | 10 / -10 | 15 / -15 | 20 / -20 | 25 / -25 |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| is QPSK  |       |          |          |          |          |
| m        |       |          |          |          |          |
| odulated |       |          |          |          |          |
| PUSCH    |       |          |          |          |          |
| co       |       |          |          |          |          |
| ntaining |       |          |          |          |          |
| data and |       |          |          |          |          |
| r        |       |          |          |          |          |
| eference |       |          |          |          |          |
| symbols. |       |          |          |          |          |
| Normal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| cyclic   |       |          |          |          |          |
| prefix   |       |          |          |          |          |
| is used. |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| absolute |       |          |          |          |          |
| value of |       |          |          |          |          |
| the      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |       |          |          |          |          |
| F~int    |       |          |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |       |          |          |          |          |
| further  |       |          |          |          |          |
| adjusted |       |          |          |          |          |
| to MHz   |       |          |          |          |          |
| with SCS |       |          |          |          |          |
| the      |       |          |          |          |          |
| sub      |       |          |          |          |          |
| -carrier |       |          |          |          |          |
| spacing  |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| wanted   |       |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| in MHz.  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| is an NR |       |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| with 15  |       |          |          |          |          |
| kHz SCS. |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 7.5E.1-3a: Test parameters for Adjacent channel selectivity in
n14, Case 2

+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| RX       | Units | Channel  |          |        |        |        |
| p        |       | b        |          |        |        |        |
| arameter |       | andwidth |          |        |        |        |
+==========+=======+==========+==========+========+========+========+
|          |       | 5 MHz    | 10 MHz   | 20 MHz | 30 MHz | 40 MHz |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| Power in | dBm   | -56.5    | -56.5    |        |        |        |
| tran     |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| smission |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| b        |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| andwidth |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| confi    |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| guration |       |          |          |        |        |        |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| P~int    | dBm   | -25      |          |        |        |        |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |        |        |        |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| BW~int   | MHz   | 5        | 5        |        |        |        |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |        |        |        |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| F~int    | MHz   | 5/ -5    | 7.5 /    |        |        |        |
| erferer~ |       |          | -7.5     |        |        |        |
| (offset) |       |          |          |        |        |        |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| NOTE 1:  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| The      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| in       |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| terferer |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| is QPSK  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| m        |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| odulated |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| PUSCH    |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| co       |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| ntaining |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| data and |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| r        |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| eference |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| symbols. |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| Normal   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| cyclic   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| prefix   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| is used. |       |          |          |        |        |        |
|          |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| NOTE 2:  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| The      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| absolute |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| value of |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| the      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| in       |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| terferer |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| offset   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| F~int    |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| (offset) |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| shall be |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| further  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| adjusted |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| to MHz   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| with SCS |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| the      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| sub      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| -carrier |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| spacing  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| of the   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| wanted   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| signal   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| in MHz.  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| The      |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| in       |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| terferer |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| is an NR |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| signal   |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| with 15  |       |          |          |        |        |        |
| kHz SCS. |       |          |          |        |        |        |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+--------+--------+--------+

### 7.5E.1A Adjacent channel selectivity requirement for Sidelink CA

For intra-band contiguous NR SL CA operation, the UE shall fulfil the
minimum requirement specified in Table 7.5E.1A-1 to Table 7.5E.1A-3
where the throughput shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annex A.7.2.

Table 7.5E.1A-1 ACS for intra-band contiguous NR SL CA UE

                         SL CA bandwidth class
  -------------- ------- -----------------------
  Rx Parameter   Units   B
  ACS            dB      20.0

Table 7.5E.1A-2 Test parameters for intra-band contiguous SL CA UE, case
1

+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Rx Parameter                | Units | SL CA bandwidth class       |
+=============================+=======+=============================+
|                             |       | B                           |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Pw in Transmission          | dBm   | P~REFSENS\_SL~ + 14 dB      |
| Bandwidth Configuration,    |       |                             |
| per CC                      |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **P~Interferer~**           | dBm   | Aggregated power + 18.5 dB  |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **BW~Interferer~**          | MHz   | 10                          |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **F~Interferer~ (offset)**  | MHz   | 5+Aggreagted BW~Channel~/2  |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | /                           |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | -(5+Aggregated              |
|                             |       | BW~Channel~/2)              |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The interferer is   |       |                             |
| QPSK modulated PUSCH        |       |                             |
| containing data and         |       |                             |
| reference symbols. Normal   |       |                             |
| cyclic prefix is used.      |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 2: The absolute value  |       |                             |
| of the interferer offset    |       |                             |
| F~interferer~ (offset)      |       |                             |
| shall be further adjusted   |       |                             |
| to MHz with SCS the         |       |                             |
| sub-carrier spacing of the  |       |                             |
| carrier closest to the      |       |                             |
| interferer in MHz. The      |       |                             |
| interferer is an NR signal  |       |                             |
| with 15 kHz SCS.            |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+

Table 7.5E.1A-3 Test parameters for intra-band contiguous SL CA UE, case
2

+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Rx Parameter                | Units | SL CA Bandwidth Class       |
+=============================+=======+=============================+
|                             |       | B                           |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Pw in Transmission          | dBm   | -43.5 +                     |
| Bandwidth Configuration,    |       | 10log(N~RB,c~/N~RB\_agg~)   |
| per CC                      |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **P~Interferer~**           | dBm   | -25                         |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **BW~Interferer~**          | MHz   | 10                          |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **F~Interferer~ (offset)**  | MHz   | 5+Aggreagted BW~Channel~/2  |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | /                           |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | -(5+Aggregated              |
|                             |       | BW~Channel~/2)              |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The interferer is   |       |                             |
| QPSK modulated PUSCH        |       |                             |
| containing data and         |       |                             |
| reference symbols. Normal   |       |                             |
| cyclic prefix is used.      |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 2: The absolute value  |       |                             |
| of the interferer offset    |       |                             |
| F~interferer~ (offset)      |       |                             |
| shall be further adjusted   |       |                             |
| to MHz with SCS the         |       |                             |
| sub-carrier spacing of the  |       |                             |
| carrier closest to the      |       |                             |
| interferer in MHz. The      |       |                             |
| interferer is an NR signal  |       |                             |
| with 15 kHz SCS.            |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+

### 7.5E.1F General requirement for Sidelink Unlicensed

The ACS requirement of SL-U operation in clause 7.5F.1 apply.

The throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.7.2.

### 7.5E.2 Adjacent channel selectivity for V2X concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR V2X operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.5E.1 shall apply for the NR sidelink reception in
the operating bands in Table 5.2E.2-1 and the requirements specified in
clause 7.5 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in licensed band
while all downlink carriers are active.

### 7.5E.2F Adjacent channel selectivity for SL-U concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR SL-U operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.5E.1F shall apply for the NR sidelink reception in
the operating bands in Table 5.2E.2F-1 and the requirements specified in
clause 7.5 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in licensed band
while all downlink carriers are active.

7.5F Adjacent channel selectivity for shared spectrum channel access
--------------------------------------------------------------------

### 7.5F.1 General

Adjacent channel selectivity (ACS) is a measure of a receiver\'s ability
to receive an NR signal at its assigned channel frequency in the
presence of an adjacent channel signal at a given frequency offset from
the centre frequency of the assigned channel. ACS is the ratio of the
receive filter attenuation on the assigned channel frequency to the
receive filter attenuation on the adjacent channel(s).

Instead of the general ACS requirements specified in clause 7.5, the UE
shall fulfil the minimum requirements specified in Table 7.5F.1-1. These
requirements apply for any SCS specified for the channel bandwidth of
the wanted signal. For the test parameters specified in Table 7.5F.1-2,
the throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2, and
A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

Table 7.5F.1-1: ACS for shared spectrum channel access bands

  RX parameter                                                 Units   Channel bandwidth
  ------------------------------------------------------------ ------- --------------------------------------
                                                                       20, 40, 60, 80, 100 MHz
  ACS                                                          dB      **24 -- 10log~10~(BW~Channel~ /20)**
  NOTE1: ACS value is rounded to the next higher 0.5dB value           

Table 7.5F.1-2: Test parameters for shared spectrum channel access bands

+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| RX parameter                | Units | Channel bandwidth           |
+=============================+=======+=============================+
|                             |       | 20, 40, 60, 80, 100 MHz     |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Power in transmission       | dBm   | REFSENS + 14 dB             |
| bandwidth configuration     |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| P~interferer~               | dBm   | REFSENS + 36.5 dB --        |
|                             |       | 10log~10~(BW~Channel~ /20)  |
|                             |       | dB                          |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| BW~interferer~              | MHz   | 20                          |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| F~interferer~ (offset)      | MHz   | 20 / -20                    |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The transmitter     |       |                             |
| shall be set to 4 dB below  |       |                             |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the       |       |                             |
| minimum UL configuration    |       |                             |
| specified in Table 7.3.2-3  |       |                             |
| with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined |       |                             |
| in clause 6.2.4.            |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 2: The absolute value  |       |                             |
| of the interferer offset    |       |                             |
| F~interferer~ (offset)      |       |                             |
| shall be further adjusted   |       |                             |
| to MHz with SCS the         |       |                             |
| sub-carrier spacing of the  |       |                             |
| wanted signal in MHz. The   |       |                             |
| interferer is an NR signal  |       |                             |
| with an SCS equal to that   |       |                             |
| of the wanted signal.       |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 3: The interferer      |       |                             |
| consists of the RMC         |       |                             |
| specified in Annexes        |       |                             |
| A.3.2.2 and A.3.3.2 with    |       |                             |
| one sided dynamic OCNG      |       |                             |
| Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for    |       |                             |
| the DL-signal as described  |       |                             |
| in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1.   |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+

### 7.5F.1A Adjacent channel selectivity for shared spectrum channel access CA

#### 7.5F.1A.1 Intra-band contiguous shared spectrum channel access CA

ACS for intra-band contiguous shared access CA requirements are
specified in Table 7.5F.1A.1-1. These requirements apply for any SCS
specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted signal. For the test
parameters specified in Table 7.5F.1A.1-2, the throughput of each
carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the reference
measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2, and A.3.3
(with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as
described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

Table 7.5F.1A.1-1: ACS for intra-band contiguous shared access CA

                                                                        NR-U CA bandwidth class                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------------- ------- ------------------------------------- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---
  Rx Parameter                                                  Units   B                                     C   D   E   I   M   N   O
  ACS                                                           dB      24 -- 10log~10~(BW~Channel\_CA~/20)                           
  NOTE 1: ACS value is rounded to the next higher 0.5dB value                                                                         

Table 7.5F.1A.1-2: Test parameters for intra-band contiguous NR-U CA

+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Rx Parameter                | Units | NR-U CA bandwidth class     |
+=============================+=======+=============================+
|                             |       | B, C, D, E, M, N, O         |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Pw in Transmission          | dBm   | REFSENS + 14 dB             |
| Bandwidth Configuration,    |       |                             |
| per CC                      |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **P~Interferer~**           | dBm   | Aggregated power + 22.5 --  |
|                             |       | 10                          |
|                             |       | log~10~(BW~Channel\_CA~/20) |
|                             |       | dB                          |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **BW~Interferer~**          | MHz   | 20                          |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **F~Interferer~ (offset)**  | MHz   | 10 + Foffset                |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | /                           |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | -10 - Foffset               |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The transmitter     |       |                             |
| shall be set to 4 dB below  |       |                             |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the       |       |                             |
| minimum UL configuration    |       |                             |
| specified in Table 7.3F.2-3 |       |                             |
| with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined |       |                             |
| in clause 6.2.4 .           |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 2: The absolute value  |       |                             |
| of the interferer offset    |       |                             |
| F~interferer~ (offset)      |       |                             |
| shall be further adjusted   |       |                             |
| to MHz with SCS the         |       |                             |
| sub-carrier spacing of the  |       |                             |
| carrier closest to the      |       |                             |
| interferer in MHz. The      |       |                             |
| interferer is an NR signal  |       |                             |
| with an SCS equal to that   |       |                             |
| of the closest carrier.     |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 3: The interferer      |       |                             |
| consists of the RMC         |       |                             |
| specified in Annexes        |       |                             |
| A.3.2.2 and A.3.3.2 with    |       |                             |
| one sided dynamic OCNG      |       |                             |
| Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for    |       |                             |
| the DL-signal as described  |       |                             |
| in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1.   |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+

### 7.5F.2 Void

7.5G (Reserved)
---------------

7.5H (Reserved)
---------------

7.5I (Reserved)
---------------

7.5J Adjacent channel selectivity for ATG
-----------------------------------------

Adjacent channel selectivity (ACS) is a measure of a receiver\'s ability
to receive an NR signal at its assigned channel frequency in the
presence of an adjacent channel signal at a given frequency offset from
the centre frequency of the assigned channel. ACS is the ratio of the
receive filter attenuation on the assigned channel frequency to the
receive filter attenuation on the adjacent channel(s).

The UE shall fulfil the minimum requirements specified in Table 7.5J-1
for NR bands with FDL\_high \< 2700 MHz and FUL\_high \< 2700 MHz and
the minimum requirements specified in Table 7.5J-2 for NR bands with
FDL\_low ≥ 3300 MHz and FUL\_low ≥ 3300 MHz. These requirements apply
for all values of an adjacent channel interferer up to -42 dBm with
omni-directional antenna and -30dBm with antenna array for any SCS
specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted signal. However, it is
not possible to directly measure the ACS; instead the lower and upper
range of test parameters are chosen as in Table 7.5J-3 and Table 7.5J-4
for verification of the requirements specified in Table 7.5J-1, and as
in Table 7.5J-5 and Table 7.5J-6 for verification of the requirements
specified in Table 7.5J-2. For these test parameters, the throughput
shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement
channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided
dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described in
Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

Table 7.5J-1: ACS for NR bands with F~DL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz and
F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz

  RX parameter                                                 Units   Channel bandwidth (MHz)        
  ------------------------------------------------------------ ------- ------------------------- ---- -------------------------------------------------
                                                                       5, 10                     15   20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100
  ACS                                                          dB      33                        30   27 -- 10log~10~(BW~Channel~ /20)
  NOTE1: ACS value is rounded to the next higher 0.5dB value                                          

Table 7.5J-2: ACS for NR bands with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz and F~UL\_low~
≥ 3300 MHz

  RX parameter   Units   Channel bandwidth (MHz)
  -------------- ------- ---------------------------------------------------------
                         10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100
  ACS            dB      33

Table 7.5J-3: Test parameters for NR bands with F~DL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz
and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz, case 1

+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| RX       | Units | Channel  |          |          |          |
| p        |       | b        |          |          |          |
| arameter |       | andwidth |          |          |          |
|          |       | (MHz)    |          |          |          |
+==========+=======+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |       |          | 5, 10    | 15       | 20, 25,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 30, 35,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 40, 45,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 50, 60,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 70, 80,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 90, 100  |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Power in | dBm   | REFSENS  |          |          |          |
| tran     |       | + 14 dB  |          |          |          |
| smission |       |          |          |          |          |
| b        |       |          |          |          |          |
| andwidth |       |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |       |          |          |          |          |
| guration |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P~interf | dBm   |          | REFSENS  | REFSENS  | REFSENS  |
| erer~^4^ |       |          | + 45.5   | + 42.5   | + 39.5   |
|          |       |          | dB       | dB       | --       |
|          |       |          |          |          | 10log    |
|          |       |          |          |          | ~10~(BW~ |
|          |       |          |          |          | Channel~ |
|          |       |          |          |          | /20)     |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| BW~int   | MHz   |          | 5        |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F~int    | MHz   |          | BW~      |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          | Channel~ |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          | /2 + 2.5 |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          | /        |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          | -(BW~    |          |          |
|          |       |          | Channel~ |          |          |
|          |       |          | /2 +     |          |          |
|          |       |          | 2.5)     |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |       |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitter |       |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |       |          |          |          |          |
| set to 4 |       |          |          |          |          |
| dB below |       |          |          |          |          |
| P~CMAX   |       |          |          |          |          |
| \_L,f,c~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| at the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| minimum  |       |          |          |          |          |
| UL       |       |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |       |          |          |          |          |
| guration |       |          |          |          |          |
| s        |       |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |       |          |          |          |          |
| in Table |       |          |          |          |          |
| 7.3.2-3  |       |          |          |          |          |
| with     |       |          |          |          |          |
| P~CMAX   |       |          |          |          |          |
| \_L,f,c~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| clause   |       |          |          |          |          |
| 6.2J.2   |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| absolute |       |          |          |          |          |
| value of |       |          |          |          |          |
| the      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| offset   |       |          |          |          |          |
| F~int    |       |          |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |       |          |          |          |          |
| further  |       |          |          |          |          |
| adjusted |       |          |          |          |          |
| to MHz   |       |          |          |          |          |
| with SCS |       |          |          |          |          |
| the      |       |          |          |          |          |
| sub      |       |          |          |          |          |
| -carrier |       |          |          |          |          |
| spacing  |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| wanted   |       |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| in MHz.  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| is an NR |       |          |          |          |          |
| signal   |       |          |          |          |          |
| with 15  |       |          |          |          |          |
| kHz SCS. |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| consists |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| NR       |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| RMC      |       |          |          |          |          |
| s        |       |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| Annexes  |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.2.2  |       |          |          |          |          |
| and      |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.3.2  |       |          |          |          |          |
| with one |       |          |          |          |          |
| sided    |       |          |          |          |          |
| dynamic  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OCNG     |       |          |          |          |          |
| Pattern  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OP.1     |       |          |          |          |          |
| FDD/TDD  |       |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |       |          |          |          |          |
| D        |       |          |          |          |          |
| L-signal |       |          |          |          |          |
| as       |       |          |          |          |          |
| d        |       |          |          |          |          |
| escribed |       |          |          |          |          |
| in Annex |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.5.1.1/ |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.5.2.1. |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| 10lo     |       |          |          |          |          |
| g~10~(x) |       |          |          |          |          |
| is       |       |          |          |          |          |
| rounded  |       |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| next     |       |          |          |          |          |
| higher   |       |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5dB    |       |          |          |          |          |
| value.   |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 7.5J-4: Test parameters for NR bands with F~DL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz
and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz, case 2

+----------------+-------+----------------+----------+----------------+
| RX parameter   | Units | Channel        |          |                |
|                |       | bandwidth      |          |                |
|                |       | (MHz)          |          |                |
+================+=======+================+==========+================+
|                |       | 5, 10          | 15       | 20, 25, 30,    |
|                |       |                |          | 35, 40, 45,    |
|                |       |                |          | 50, 60, 70,    |
|                |       |                |          | 80, 90, 100    |
+----------------+-------+----------------+----------+----------------+
| Power in       | dBm   | -73.5^5^       | -70.5^5^ | -67.5 +        |
| transmission   |       |                |          | 10log~1        |
| bandwidth      |       | -61.5^6^       | -58.5^6^ | 0~(BW~Channel~ |
| co             |       |                |          | /20)^5^        |
| nfiguration^4^ |       |                |          |                |
|                |       |                |          | -55.5 +        |
|                |       |                |          | 10log~1        |
|                |       |                |          | 0~(BW~Channel~ |
|                |       |                |          | /20)^6^        |
+----------------+-------+----------------+----------+----------------+
| P~interferer~  | dBm   | -42^5^         |          |                |
|                |       |                |          |                |
|                |       | -30^6^         |          |                |
+----------------+-------+----------------+----------+----------------+
| BW~interferer~ | MHz   | 5              |          |                |
+----------------+-------+----------------+----------+----------------+
| F~interferer~  | MHz   | BW~Channel~ /2 |          |                |
| (offset)       |       | + 2.5          |          |                |
|                |       |                |          |                |
|                |       | /              |          |                |
|                |       |                |          |                |
|                |       | -(BW~Channel~  |          |                |
|                |       | /2 + 2.5)      |          |                |
+----------------+-------+----------------+----------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The    |       |                |          |                |
| transmitter    |       |                |          |                |
| shall be set   |       |                |          |                |
| to 24 dB below |       |                |          |                |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ |       |                |          |                |
| at the minimum |       |                |          |                |
| UL             |       |                |          |                |
| configuration  |       |                |          |                |
| specified in   |       |                |          |                |
| Table 7.3.2-3  |       |                |          |                |
| with           |       |                |          |                |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ |       |                |          |                |
| defined in     |       |                |          |                |
| clause 6.2J.2. |       |                |          |                |
|                |       |                |          |                |
| NOTE 2: The    |       |                |          |                |
| absolute value |       |                |          |                |
| of the         |       |                |          |                |
| interferer     |       |                |          |                |
| offset         |       |                |          |                |
| F~interferer~  |       |                |          |                |
| (offset) shall |       |                |          |                |
| be further     |       |                |          |                |
| adjusted to    |       |                |          |                |
| MHz with SCS   |       |                |          |                |
| the            |       |                |          |                |
| sub-carrier    |       |                |          |                |
| spacing of the |       |                |          |                |
| wanted signal  |       |                |          |                |
| in MHz. The    |       |                |          |                |
| interferer is  |       |                |          |                |
| an NR signal   |       |                |          |                |
| with 15 kHz    |       |                |          |                |
| SCS.           |       |                |          |                |
|                |       |                |          |                |
| NOTE 3: The    |       |                |          |                |
| interferer     |       |                |          |                |
| consists of    |       |                |          |                |
| the RMC        |       |                |          |                |
| specified in   |       |                |          |                |
| Annexes        |       |                |          |                |
| A.3.2.2 and    |       |                |          |                |
| A.3.3.2 with   |       |                |          |                |
| one sided      |       |                |          |                |
| dynamic OCNG   |       |                |          |                |
| Pattern OP.1   |       |                |          |                |
| FDD/TDD for    |       |                |          |                |
| the DL-signal  |       |                |          |                |
| as described   |       |                |          |                |
| in Annex       |       |                |          |                |
| A              |       |                |          |                |
| .5.1.1/A.5.2.1 |       |                |          |                |
|                |       |                |          |                |
| NOTE 4:        |       |                |          |                |
| 10log~10~(x)   |       |                |          |                |
| is rounded to  |       |                |          |                |
| the next       |       |                |          |                |
| higher 0.5dB   |       |                |          |                |
| value.         |       |                |          |                |
|                |       |                |          |                |
| NOTE 5:        |       |                |          |                |
| P~interferer~  |       |                |          |                |
| shall be set   |       |                |          |                |
| to -42dBm for  |       |                |          |                |
| om             |       |                |          |                |
| ni-directional |       |                |          |                |
| antenna.       |       |                |          |                |
|                |       |                |          |                |
| NOTE 6:        |       |                |          |                |
| P~interferer~  |       |                |          |                |
| shall be set   |       |                |          |                |
| to -30dBm for  |       |                |          |                |
| antenna array. |       |                |          |                |
+----------------+-------+----------------+----------+----------------+

Table 7.5J-5: Test parameters for NR bands with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz
and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz, case 1

+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| RX parameter                | Units | Channel bandwidth (MHz)     |
+=============================+=======+=============================+
|                             |       | 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,         |
|                             |       | [35]{.underline}, 40, 45,   |
|                             |       | 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100     |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Power in transmission       | dBm   | REFSENS + 14 dB             |
| bandwidth configuration     |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| P~interferer~               | dBm   | REFSENS + 45.5 dB           |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| BW~interferer~              | MHz   | BW~Channel~                 |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| F~interferer~ (offset)      | MHz   | BW~Channel~                 |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | /                           |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | -BW~Channel~                |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The transmitter     |       |                             |
| shall be set to 4 dB below  |       |                             |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the       |       |                             |
| minimum UL configuration    |       |                             |
| specified in Table 7.3.2-3  |       |                             |
| with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined |       |                             |
| in clause 6.2J.2            |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 2: The absolute value  |       |                             |
| of the interferer offset    |       |                             |
| F~interferer~ (offset)      |       |                             |
| shall be further adjusted   |       |                             |
| to MHz with SCS the         |       |                             |
| sub-carrier spacing of the  |       |                             |
| wanted signal in MHz. The   |       |                             |
| interferer is an NR signal  |       |                             |
| with an SCS equal to that   |       |                             |
| of the wanted signal.       |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 3: The interferer      |       |                             |
| consists of the RMC         |       |                             |
| specified in Annexes        |       |                             |
| A.3.2.2 and A.3.3.2 with    |       |                             |
| one sided dynamic OCNG      |       |                             |
| Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for    |       |                             |
| the DL-signal as described  |       |                             |
| in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1.   |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+

Table 7.5J-6: Test parameters for NR bands with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz
and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz, case 2

+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| RX parameter                | Units | Channel bandwidth (MHz)     |
+=============================+=======+=============================+
|                             |       | 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, |
|                             |       | 45, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100 |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Power in transmission       | dBm   | -73.5^4^                    |
| bandwidth configuration     |       |                             |
|                             |       | -61.5^5^                    |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| P~interferer~               | dBm   | -42^4^                      |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | -30^5^                      |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| BW~interferer~              | MHz   | BW~Channel~                 |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| F~interferer~ (offset)      | MHz   | BW~Channel~                 |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | /                           |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | -BW~Channel~                |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The transmitter     |       |                             |
| shall be set to 24 dB below |       |                             |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the       |       |                             |
| minimum UL configuration    |       |                             |
| specified in Table 7.3.2-3  |       |                             |
| with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined |       |                             |
| in clause 6.2J.2            |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 2: The absolute value  |       |                             |
| of the interferer offset    |       |                             |
| F~interferer~ (offset)      |       |                             |
| shall be further adjusted   |       |                             |
| to MHz with SCS the         |       |                             |
| sub-carrier spacing of the  |       |                             |
| wanted signal in MHz. The   |       |                             |
| interferer is an NR signal  |       |                             |
| with an SCS equal to that   |       |                             |
| of the wanted signal.       |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 3: The interferer      |       |                             |
| consists of the RMC         |       |                             |
| specified in Annexes        |       |                             |
| A.3.2.2 and A.3.3.2 with    |       |                             |
| one sided dynamic OCNG      |       |                             |
| Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for    |       |                             |
| the DL-signal as described  |       |                             |
| in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1.   |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 4: P~interferer~ shall |       |                             |
| be set to -42dBm for        |       |                             |
| omni-directional antenna.   |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 5: P~interferer~ shall |       |                             |
| be set to -30dBm for        |       |                             |
| antenna array.              |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+

7.5K (Reserved)
---------------

7.5L (Reserved)
---------------

7.6 Blocking characteristics
----------------------------

### 7.6.1 General

The blocking characteristic is a measure of the receiver\'s ability to
receive a wanted signal at its assigned channel frequency in the
presence of an unwanted interferer on frequencies other than those of
the spurious response or the adjacent channels, without this unwanted
input signal causing a degradation of the performance of the receiver
beyond a specified limit. The blocking performance shall apply at all
frequencies except those at which a spurious response occurs.

For shared spectrum channel access and band combinations with operating
bands intended for shared spectrum channel access, the blocking
characteristics is specified in clause 7.6F.

### 7.6.2 In-band blocking

For NR bands with F~DL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz
in-band blocking (IBB) is defined for an unwanted interfering signal
falling into the UE receive band or into the first 15 MHz below or above
the UE receive band. The throughput of the wanted signal shall be ≥ 95 %
of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2 and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG
Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described in Annex
A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters specified in Table 7.6.2-1 and Table
7.6.2-2. The relative throughput requirement shall be met for any SCS
specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted signal. For operating
bands with an unpaired DL part (as noted in Table 5.2-1), the
requirements only apply for carriers assigned in the paired part.

Table 7.6.2-1: In-band blocking parameters for NR bands with F~DL\_high~
\< 2700 MHz and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz

+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| RX       | Units | Channel  |          |          |          |
| p        |       | b        |          |          |          |
| arameter |       | andwidth |          |          |          |
|          |       | (MHz)    |          |          |          |
+==========+=======+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |       | 3        | 5, 10    | 15       | 20, 25,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 30, 35,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 40, 45,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 50, 60,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 70, 80,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 90, 100  |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Power in | dBm   | REFSENS  | REFSENS  | REFSENS  |          |
| tran     |       | + 6 dB   | + 7 dB   | + (9 +   |          |
| smission |       |          |          | 10log    |          |
| b        |       |          |          | ~10~(BW~ |          |
| andwidth |       |          |          | Channel~ |          |
| configur |       |          |          | /20)) dB |          |
| ation^3^ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| BW~int   | MHz   | 3        | 5        |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F~Io     | MHz   | 4.5      | 7.5      |          |          |
| ffset,\  |       |          |          |          |          |
| case\ 1~ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F~Io     | MHz   | 7.5      | 12.5     |          |          |
| ffset,\  |       |          |          |          |          |
| case\ 2~ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |       |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitter |       |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |       |          |          |          |          |
| set to 4 |       |          |          |          |          |
| dB below |       |          |          |          |          |
| P~CMAX   |       |          |          |          |          |
| \_L,f,c~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| at the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| minimum  |       |          |          |          |          |
| UL       |       |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |       |          |          |          |          |
| guration |       |          |          |          |          |
| s        |       |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |       |          |          |          |          |
| in Table |       |          |          |          |          |
| 7.3.2-3  |       |          |          |          |          |
| with     |       |          |          |          |          |
| P~CMAX   |       |          |          |          |          |
| \_L,f,c~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| clause   |       |          |          |          |          |
| 6.2.4.   |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| consists |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| RMC      |       |          |          |          |          |
| s        |       |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| Annexes  |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.2.2  |       |          |          |          |          |
| and      |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.3.2  |       |          |          |          |          |
| with one |       |          |          |          |          |
| sided    |       |          |          |          |          |
| dynamic  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OCNG     |       |          |          |          |          |
| Pattern  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OP.1     |       |          |          |          |          |
| FDD/TDD  |       |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |       |          |          |          |          |
| D        |       |          |          |          |          |
| L-signal |       |          |          |          |          |
| as       |       |          |          |          |          |
| d        |       |          |          |          |          |
| escribed |       |          |          |          |          |
| in Annex |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.5.1.1  |       |          |          |          |          |
| /A.5.2.1 |       |          |          |          |          |
| and 15   |       |          |          |          |          |
| kHz SCS. |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| 10lo     |       |          |          |          |          |
| g~10~(x) |       |          |          |          |          |
| is       |       |          |          |          |          |
| rounded  |       |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| next     |       |          |          |          |          |
| higher   |       |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5dB    |       |          |          |          |          |
| value.   |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 7.6.2-2: In-band blocking for NR bands with F~DL\_high~ \< 2700
MHz and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz

+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NR    | Para  | Unit | Case  | Case  | Case  | Case  | Case  |
| band  | meter |      | 1     | 2     | 3     | 4     | 5     |
+=======+=======+======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       | P~i   | dBm  | -56   | -44   | -15   | -38   | -     |
|       | nterf |      |       |       |       |       | 22^4^ |
|       | erer~ |      |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | F~i   | MHz  | -BW~  | ≤     |       | -B    |       |
|       | nterf |      | Chann | -BW~  |       | W~Cha |       |
|       | erer~ |      | el~/2 | Chann |       | nnel~ |       |
|       | (of   |      | --    | el~/2 |       | /2-11 |       |
|       | fset) |      |       | --    |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | F~Iof |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | fset, | F~Iof |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | \ cas | fset, |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | e\ 1~ | \ cas |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | e\ 2~ |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | and   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | and   |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | BW~   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | Chann | ≥     |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | el~/2 | BW~   |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | +     | Chann |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | el~/2 |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | F~Iof | +     |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | fset, |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | \ cas | F~Iof |       |       |       |
|       |       |      | e\ 1~ | fset, |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | \ cas |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | e\ 2~ |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n1,   | F~i   | MHz  | NOTE  | F~DL\ |       |       |       |
| n2,   | nterf |      | 2     | _low~ |       |       |       |
| n3,   | erer~ |      |       | -- 15 |       |       |       |
| n5,   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n7,   |       |      |       | to    |       |       |       |
| n8,   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n12,  |       |      |       | F     |       |       |       |
| n13,  |       |      |       | ~DL\_ |       |       |       |
| n14,  |       |      |       | high~ |       |       |       |
| n18,  |       |      |       | + 15  |       |       |       |
| n20,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n24,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n25,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n26,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n28,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n29,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n31,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n34,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n38   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ,n39, |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n40,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n41,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n4    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8^3^, |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n50,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n51,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n53,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n54,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n65,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n66,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n67,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n70,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n72,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n74,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n75,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n76,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n85,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n91,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n92,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n93,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n94,  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n100, |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n101, |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n106  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n30   | F~i   | MHz  | NOTE  | F~DL\ |       | F~DL\ |       |
|       | nterf |      | 2     | _low~ |       | _low~ |       |
|       | erer~ |      |       | -- 15 |       | -- 11 |       |
|       |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | to    |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | F     |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | ~DL\_ |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | high~ |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | + 15  |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n71   | F~i   | MHz  | NOTE  | F~DL\ | F~DL\ |       |       |
|       | nterf |      | 2     | _low~ | _low~ |       |       |
|       | erer~ |      |       | -- 12 | -- 12 |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | to    |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | F     |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | ~DL\_ |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | high~ |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | + 15  |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n105  | F~i   | MHz  | NOTE  | F~DL\ |       |       | F~DL\ |
|       | nterf |      | 2     | _low~ |       |       | _low~ |
|       | erer~ |      |       | -- 12 |       |       | -- 7  |
|       |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | to    |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | F     |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | ~DL\_ |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | high~ |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       | + 15  |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| abs   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| olute |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| value |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| inter |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ferer |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| o     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ffset |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| F     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| inter |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ferer |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| (of   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| fset) |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| shall |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| fu    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| rther |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| adj   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| usted |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCS   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ub-ca |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| sp    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| acing |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| anted |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ignal |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| inter |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ferer |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| is an |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ignal |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| 15    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| kHz   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCS.  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| For   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| frequ |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ency, |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| equir |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ement |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ap    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| plies |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| two   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| inter |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ferer |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| fr    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| equen |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| cies: |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| a:    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| -BW~  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| Chann |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| el~/2 |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| --    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| F     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ~Ioff |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| set,\ |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
|  case |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| \ 1~; |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| b:    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| BW~   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| Chann |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| el~/2 |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| +     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| F~Iof |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| fset, |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| \ cas |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| e\ 1~ |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n48   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| fo    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| llows |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| equir |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ement |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| acco  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| rding |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ge    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| neral |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| equir |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ement |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| lause |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7.1.  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| For   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| n105  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| cha   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| nnels |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| o     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| verla |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| pping |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| 612 - |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| 617   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| r     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ange, |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| P~i   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| nterf |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| erer~ |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| mod   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| -34   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| dBm.  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| For   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| SDL   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| b     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ands, |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| shall |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ap    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| plied |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| CA    |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
| ases. |       |      |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

*NOTE: For bands n100 and n101,* additional requirements for wideband
cab-radio receiver are specified by ETSI TC RT based on ECC Decision
(20)02 \[19\].

For NR bands with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz
in-band blocking (IBB) is defined for an unwanted interfering signal
falling into the UE receive band or into an immediately adjacent
frequency range up to 3\*BW~Channel~ below or above the UE receive band
where BW~Channel~ is the bandwidth of the wanted signal. The throughput
of the wanted signal shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2 and
A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1)\] with parameters
specified in Table 7.6.2-3 and Table 7.6.2-4. The relative throughput
requirement shall be met for any SCS specified for the channel bandwidth
of the wanted signal.

Table 7.6.2-3: In-band blocking parameters for NR bands with F~DL\_low~
≥ 3300 MHz and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz

+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| **RX parameter**          | **Units** | **Channel bandwidth       |
|                           |           | (MHz)**                   |
+===========================+===========+===========================+
|                           |           | **10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, |
|                           |           | 40, 45, 50, 60, 70, 80,   |
|                           |           | 90, 100**                 |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| Power in transmission     | dBm       | REFSENS + 6 dB^3^         |
| bandwidth configuration   |           |                           |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| BW~interferer~            | MHz       | BW~Channel~               |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| F~Ioffset,\ case\ 1~      | MHz       | (3/2)\*BW~Channel~        |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| F~Ioffset,\ case\ 2~      | MHz       | (5/2)\*BW~Channel~        |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The transmitter   |           |                           |
| shall be set to 4 dB      |           |                           |
| below P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at   |           |                           |
| the minimum UL            |           |                           |
| configuration specified   |           |                           |
| in Table 7.3.2-3 with     |           |                           |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined in |           |                           |
| clause 6.2.4.             |           |                           |
|                           |           |                           |
| NOTE 2: The interferer    |           |                           |
| consists of the RMC       |           |                           |
| specified in Annexes      |           |                           |
| A.3.2.2 and A.3.3.2 with  |           |                           |
| one sided dynamic OCNG    |           |                           |
| Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for  |           |                           |
| the DL-signal as          |           |                           |
| described in Annex        |           |                           |
| A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1           |           |                           |
|                           |           |                           |
| NOTE 3: For Band n104,    |           |                           |
| the power in transmission |           |                           |
| bandwidth configuration   |           |                           |
| is REFSENS + 9 dB         |           |                           |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+

Table 7.6.2-4: In-band blocking for NR bands with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz
and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz

+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NR band      | Parameter    | Unit | Case 1       | Case 2       |
+==============+==============+======+==============+==============+
|              | P            | dBm  | -56          | -44          |
|              | ~interferer~ |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| n77, n78,    | F            | MHz  | -B           | ≤            |
| n79, n104    | ~interferer~ |      | W~Channel~/2 | -B           |
|              | (offset)     |      | --           | W~Channel~/2 |
|              |              |      |              | --           |
|              |              |      | F~Ioffse     |              |
|              |              |      | t,\ case\ 1~ | F~Ioffse     |
|              |              |      |              | t,\ case\ 2~ |
|              |              |      | and          |              |
|              |              |      |              | and          |
|              |              |      | B            |              |
|              |              |      | W~Channel~/2 | ≥            |
|              |              |      | +            | B            |
|              |              |      |              | W~Channel~/2 |
|              |              |      | F~Ioffse     | +            |
|              |              |      | t,\ case\ 1~ |              |
|              |              |      |              | F~Ioffse     |
|              |              |      |              | t,\ case\ 2~ |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              | F            |      | NOTE 2       | F~DL\_low~   |
|              | ~interferer~ |      |              | --           |
|              |              |      |              | 3\           |
|              |              |      |              | *BW~Channel~ |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | to           |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | F~DL\_high~  |
|              |              |      |              | +            |
|              |              |      |              | 3\           |
|              |              |      |              | *BW~Channel~ |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: The  |              |      |              |              |
| absolute     |              |      |              |              |
| value of the |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| offset       |              |      |              |              |
| Finterferer  |              |      |              |              |
| (offset)     |              |      |              |              |
| shall be     |              |      |              |              |
| further      |              |      |              |              |
| adjusted to  |              |      |              |              |
| MHz with SCS |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| sub-carrier  |              |      |              |              |
| spacing of   |              |      |              |              |
| the wanted   |              |      |              |              |
| signal in    |              |      |              |              |
| MHz. The     |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| is an NR     |              |      |              |              |
| signal with  |              |      |              |              |
| an SCS equal |              |      |              |              |
| to that of   |              |      |              |              |
| the wanted   |              |      |              |              |
| signal.      |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 2: For  |              |      |              |              |
| each carrier |              |      |              |              |
| frequency,   |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| requirement  |              |      |              |              |
| applies for  |              |      |              |              |
| two          |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| carrier      |              |      |              |              |
| frequencies: |              |      |              |              |
| a:           |              |      |              |              |
| -B           |              |      |              |              |
| W~Channel~/2 |              |      |              |              |
| --           |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffset    |              |      |              |              |
| ,\ case\ 1~; |              |      |              |              |
| b:           |              |      |              |              |
| B            |              |      |              |              |
| W~Channel~/2 |              |      |              |              |
| +            |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffse     |              |      |              |              |
| t,\ case\ 1~ |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 3:      |              |      |              |              |
| BW~Channel~  |              |      |              |              |
| denotes the  |              |      |              |              |
| channel      |              |      |              |              |
| bandwidth of |              |      |              |              |
| the wanted   |              |      |              |              |
| signal       |              |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+

### 7.6.3 Out-of-band blocking

For NR bands with F~DL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz
out-of-band band blocking is defined for an unwanted CW interfering
signal falling outside a frequency range 15 MHz below or above the UE
receive band. The throughput of the wanted signal shall be ≥ 95% of the
maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as specified in
Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2 and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1
FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with
parameters specified in Table 7.6.3-1 and Table 7.6.3-2. The relative
throughput requirement shall be met for any SCS specified for the
channel bandwidth of the wanted signal. For operating bands with an
unpaired DL part (as noted in Table 5.2-1), the requirements only apply
for carriers assigned in the paired part.

Table 7.6.3-1: Out-of-band blocking parameters for NR bands with
F~DL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz

  Channel bandwidth                                                                                                                                                         Power in transmission bandwidth configuration \[dBm\]
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------
  3 MHz                                                                                                                                                                     REFSENS + 6.0 dB
  5 MHz                                                                                                                                                                     REFSENS + 6.0 dB
  10 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 6.0 dB
  15 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 7.0 dB
  20 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 9.0 dB
  25 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 10.0 dB
  30 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 11.0 dB
  35 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 11.5 dB
  40 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 12.0 dB
  45 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 12.5 dB
  50 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 13.0 dB
  60 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 14.0 dB
  70 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 14.5 dB
  80 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 15.0 dB
  90 MHz                                                                                                                                                                    REFSENS + 15.5 dB
  100 MHz                                                                                                                                                                   REFSENS + 16.0 dB
  NOTE: The transmitter shall be set to 4 dB below P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the minimum UL configuration specified in Table 7.3.2-3 with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined in clause 6.2.4.   

Table 7.6.3-2: Out of-band blocking for NR bands with F~DL\_high~ \<
2700 MHz and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz

+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| NR band  | P        | Unit | Range 1  | Range 2  | Range 3  |
|          | arameter |      |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+======+==========+==========+==========+
|          | P~int    | dBm  | -44      | -30      | -15      |
|          | erferer~ |      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| n1, n2,  | F~int    | MHz  | -60 \< f | -85 \< f | 1 ≤ f ≤  |
| n3,      | erferer~ |      | --       | --       | F~       |
|          | (CW)     |      | F~       | F~       | DL\_low~ |
| n5, n7,  |          |      | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ | -- 85    |
| n8, n12, |          |      | \< -15   | ≤ -60    |          |
| n13,     |          |      |          |          | or       |
| n14,     |          |      | or       | or       |          |
| n18,     |          |      |          |          | F~D      |
| n20,     |          |      | 15 \< f  | 60 ≤ f   | L\_high~ |
| n24,     |          |      | --       | --       | + 85 ≤ f |
| n25,     |          |      | F~D      | F~D      |          |
| n26,     |          |      | L\_high~ | L\_high~ | ≤ 12750  |
| n28,     |          |      | \< 60    | \< 85    |          |
| n29,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n30,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n31,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n34,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n38,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n39,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n40,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n41,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n48^5^,  |          |      |          |          |          |
| n50,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n51,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n53^6^,  |          |      |          |          |          |
| n54,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n65,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n66,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n67,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n70,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n71,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n72,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n74,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n75,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n76,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n85,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n91,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n92,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n93,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n94,     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n100,    |          |      |          |          |          |
| n101,    |          |      |          |          |          |
| n105,    |          |      |          |          |          |
| n106     |          |      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm for  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 6000  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz.     |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| For band |          |      |          |          |          |
| 51 the   |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| of band  |          |      |          |          |          |
| 50 is    |          |      |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |      |          |          |          |
| as       |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| for band |          |      |          |          |          |
| 51. For  |          |      |          |          |          |
| band 50, |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| of band  |          |      |          |          |          |
| 51 is    |          |      |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |      |          |          |          |
| as       |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| for band |          |      |          |          |          |
| 50.      |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| For band |          |      |          |          |          |
| 76 the   |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| of band  |          |      |          |          |          |
| 75 is    |          |      |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |      |          |          |          |
| as       |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| for band |          |      |          |          |          |
| 76. For  |          |      |          |          |          |
| band 75, |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| of band  |          |      |          |          |          |
| 76 is    |          |      |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |      |          |          |          |
| as       |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| for band |          |      |          |          |          |
| 75.      |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| For UEs  |          |      |          |          |          |
| su       |          |      |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |      |          |          |          |
| both     |          |      |          |          |          |
| bands 38 |          |      |          |          |          |
| and 41,  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| of band  |          |      |          |          |          |
| 41 is    |          |      |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |      |          |          |          |
| as       |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| for band |          |      |          |          |          |
| 38.      |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| n48      |          |      |          |          |          |
| follows  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |      |          |          |          |
| f        |          |      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |      |          |          |          |
| range    |          |      |          |          |          |
| a        |          |      |          |          |          |
| ccording |          |      |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |      |          |          |          |
| general  |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| Clause   |          |      |          |          |          |
| 7.1. The |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm for  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 2700  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz and  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \< 4800  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz.     |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 6:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm for  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| ≥ 2580   |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz and  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \< 2775  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz.     |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 7   |          |      |          |          |          |
| For UE   |          |      |          |          |          |
| su       |          |      |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |      |          |          |          |
| both     |          |      |          |          |          |
| bands 25 |          |      |          |          |          |
| and 70,  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| of band  |          |      |          |          |          |
| 70 is    |          |      |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |      |          |          |          |
| as       |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| for band |          |      |          |          |          |
| 25, and  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| of band  |          |      |          |          |          |
| 25 is    |          |      |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |      |          |          |          |
| as       |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| for band |          |      |          |          |          |
| 70.      |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 8:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| For      |          |      |          |          |          |
| bands 91 |          |      |          |          |          |
| and 93   |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| of bands |          |      |          |          |          |
| 92 and   |          |      |          |          |          |
| 94 are   |          |      |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |      |          |          |          |
| as       |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| bands 91 |          |      |          |          |          |
| and 93.  |          |      |          |          |          |
| For      |          |      |          |          |          |
| bands 92 |          |      |          |          |          |
| and 94,  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| of bands |          |      |          |          |          |
| 91 and   |          |      |          |          |          |
| 93 are   |          |      |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |      |          |          |          |
| as       |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| bands 92 |          |      |          |          |          |
| and 94   |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 9:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| For SDL  |          |      |          |          |          |
| bands,   |          |      |          |          |          |
| requ     |          |      |          |          |          |
| irements |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |      |          |          |          |
| only for |          |      |          |          |          |
| CA band  |          |      |          |          |          |
| com      |          |      |          |          |          |
| bination |          |      |          |          |          |
| cases.   |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 10  |          |      |          |          |          |
| For a UE |          |      |          |          |          |
| su       |          |      |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |      |          |          |          |
| CA\      |          |      |          |          |          |
| _20A-28A |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| higher   |          |      |          |          |          |
| order    |          |      |          |          |          |
| band     |          |      |          |          |          |
| comb     |          |      |          |          |          |
| inations |          |      |          |          |          |
| in which |          |      |          |          |          |
| CA\      |          |      |          |          |          |
| _20A-28A |          |      |          |          |          |
| is a     |          |      |          |          |          |
| subset,  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| requ     |          |      |          |          |          |
| irements |          |      |          |          |          |
| for Band |          |      |          |          |          |
| n20 and  |          |      |          |          |          |
| Band n28 |          |      |          |          |          |
| apply    |          |      |          |          |          |
| with     |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| given by |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |      |          |          |          |
| limit of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| re       |          |      |          |          |          |
| stricted |          |      |          |          |          |
| o        |          |      |          |          |          |
| perating |          |      |          |          |          |
| f        |          |      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |      |          |          |          |
| range in |          |      |          |          |          |
| Band n28 |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| by Band  |          |      |          |          |          |
| n20.     |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 11: |          |      |          |          |          |
| For a UE |          |      |          |          |          |
| su       |          |      |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |      |          |          |          |
| CA\_     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n3A-n39A |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| higher   |          |      |          |          |          |
| order    |          |      |          |          |          |
| band     |          |      |          |          |          |
| comb     |          |      |          |          |          |
| inations |          |      |          |          |          |
| in which |          |      |          |          |          |
| CA\_     |          |      |          |          |          |
| n3A-n39A |          |      |          |          |          |
| is a     |          |      |          |          |          |
| subset,  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| requ     |          |      |          |          |          |
| irements |          |      |          |          |          |
| for Band |          |      |          |          |          |
| n3 and   |          |      |          |          |          |
| Band n39 |          |      |          |          |          |
| apply    |          |      |          |          |          |
| with     |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| given by |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |      |          |          |          |
| limit of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| re       |          |      |          |          |          |
| stricted |          |      |          |          |          |
| o        |          |      |          |          |          |
| perating |          |      |          |          |          |
| f        |          |      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |      |          |          |          |
| range in |          |      |          |          |          |
| Band n3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~D      |          |      |          |          |          |
| L\_high~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| by Band  |          |      |          |          |          |
| n39.     |          |      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+

*NOTE: For bands n100 and n101,* additional requirements for wideband
cab-radio receiver are specified by ETSI TC RT based on ECC Decision
(20)02 \[19\].

For interferer frequencies across ranges 1, 2 and 3 in Table 7.6.3-2, a
maximum of

exceptions are allowed for spurious response frequencies in each
assigned frequency channel when measured using a step size of MHz
withthe number of resource blocks in the downlink transmission bandwidth
configuration, BW~Channel~ the bandwidth of the frequency channel in MHz
and *n* = 1, 2, 3 for SCS = 15, 30, 60 kHz, respectively. For these
exceptions, the requirements in clause 7.7 apply.

For NR bands with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz
out-of-band band blocking is defined for an unwanted CW interfering
signal falling outside a frequency range up to 3\*BW~Channel~ below or
from 3\*BW~Channel~ above the UE receive band, where BW~Channel~ is the
channel bandwidth. The throughput of the wanted signal shall be ≥ 95 %
of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2 and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG
Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described in Annex
A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters specified in Table 7.6.3-3 and Table
7.6.3-4. The relative throughput requirement shall be met for any SCS
specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted signal.

Table 7.6.3-3: Out-of-band blocking parameters for NR bands with
F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz

  RX parameter                                                                                                                                                              Units   Channel bandwidth (MHz)                    
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------- ------------------------- ---------------- -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                    10                        15               20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100
  Power in transmission bandwidth configuration                                                                                                                             dBm     REFSENS + 6 dB            REFSENS + 7 dB   REFSENS + 9 dB
  NOTE: The transmitter shall be set to 4 dB below P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the minimum UL configuration specified in Table 7.3.2-3 with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined in clause 6.2.4.                                                      

Table 7.6.3-4: Out of-band blocking for NR bands with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300
MHz and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz

+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| NR band  | P        | Unit | Range1   | Range 2  | Range 3  |
|          | arameter |      |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+======+==========+==========+==========+
| n77, n78 | P~int    | dBm  | -44      | -30      | -15      |
| (NOTE 3) | erferer~ |      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | F~int    | MHz  | -60 \< f | -200 \<  | 1 ≤ f ≤  |
|          | erferer~ |      | --       | f --     | F~       |
|          | (CW)     |      | F~       | F~       | DL\_low~ |
|          |          |      | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ | --       |
|          |          |      | ≤        | ≤        | MAX(200  |
|          |          |      | -3\*BW~  | -MAX(60  | ,3\*BW~C |
|          |          |      | Channel~ | ,3\*BW~C | hannel~) |
|          |          |      |          | hannel~) |          |
|          |          |      | or       |          | or       |
|          |          |      |          | or       |          |
|          |          |      | 3\*BW~   |          | F~D      |
|          |          |      | Channel~ | MAX(60   | L\_high~ |
|          |          |      | ≤ f --   | ,3\*BW~C | +        |
|          |          |      | F~D      | hannel~) | MAX(200  |
|          |          |      | L\_high~ | ≤ f --   | ,3\*BW~C |
|          |          |      | \< 60    | F~D      | hannel~) |
|          |          |      |          | L\_high~ |          |
|          |          |      |          | \< 200   | ≤ f ≤    |
|          |          |      |          |          | 12750    |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| n79      | F~int    | MHz  | N/A      | -150 \<  | 1 ≤ f ≤  |
| (NOTE 4) | erferer~ |      |          | f --     | F~       |
|          | (CW)     |      |          | F~       | DL\_low~ |
|          |          |      |          | DL\_low~ | --       |
|          |          |      |          | ≤        | MAX(150  |
|          |          |      |          | -MAX(60  | ,3\*BW~C |
|          |          |      |          | ,3\*BW~C | hannel~) |
|          |          |      |          | hannel~) |          |
|          |          |      |          |          | or       |
|          |          |      |          | or       |          |
|          |          |      |          |          | F~D      |
|          |          |      |          | MAX(60   | L\_high~ |
|          |          |      |          | ,3\*BW~C | +        |
|          |          |      |          | hannel~) | MAX(150  |
|          |          |      |          | ≤ f --   | ,3\*BW~C |
|          |          |      |          | F~D      | hannel~) |
|          |          |      |          | L\_high~ |          |
|          |          |      |          | \< 150   | ≤ f ≤    |
|          |          |      |          |          | 12750    |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| n104     | F~int    | MHz  | N/A      | -150 \<  | 1 ≤ f ≤  |
| (NOTE 5) | erferer~ |      |          | f --     | F~       |
|          | (CW)     |      |          | F~       | DL\_low~ |
|          |          |      |          | DL\_low~ | --       |
|          |          |      |          | ≤        | MAX(150  |
|          |          |      |          |          | ,3\*BW~C |
|          |          |      |          | -MAX(60  | hannel~) |
|          |          |      |          | ,3\*BW~C |          |
|          |          |      |          | hannel~) | or       |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          | or       | F~D      |
|          |          |      |          |          | L\_high~ |
|          |          |      |          | MAX(60   | +        |
|          |          |      |          | ,3\*BW~C | MAX(150  |
|          |          |      |          | hannel~) | ,3\*BW~C |
|          |          |      |          | ≤ f --   | hannel~) |
|          |          |      |          | F~D      |          |
|          |          |      |          | L\_high~ | ≤ f ≤    |
|          |          |      |          | \< 150   | 12750    |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm for  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 6000  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz.     |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| BW~      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Channel~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| denotes  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| channel  |          |      |          |          |          |
| b        |          |      |          |          |          |
| andwidth |          |      |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |      |          |          |          |
| wanted   |          |      |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm, for |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 2700  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz and  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \< 4800  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz. For |          |      |          |          |          |
| BW~      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Channel~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 15    |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz, the |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 1  |          |      |          |          |          |
| is not   |          |      |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |      |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 2  |          |      |          |          |          |
| applies  |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| f        |          |      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |      |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |      |          |          |          |
| of       |          |      |          |          |          |
| 3\*BW~   |          |      |          |          |          |
| Channel~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| band     |          |      |          |          |          |
| edge.    |          |      |          |          |          |
| For      |          |      |          |          |          |
| BW~      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Channel~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| larger   |          |      |          |          |          |
| than 60  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz, the |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 2  |          |      |          |          |          |
| is not   |          |      |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |      |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| applies  |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| f        |          |      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |      |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |      |          |          |          |
| of       |          |      |          |          |          |
| 3\*BW~   |          |      |          |          |          |
| Channel~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| band     |          |      |          |          |          |
| edge.    |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm, for |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 3650  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz and  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \< 5750  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz. For |          |      |          |          |          |
| BW~      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Channel~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| ≥ 40     |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz, the |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 2  |          |      |          |          |          |
| is not   |          |      |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |      |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| applies  |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| f        |          |      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |      |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |      |          |          |          |
| of       |          |      |          |          |          |
| 3\*BW~   |          |      |          |          |          |
| Channel~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| band     |          |      |          |          |          |
| edge.    |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm, for |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 5175  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz. For |          |      |          |          |          |
| BW~      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Channel~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 60    |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz, the |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 2  |          |      |          |          |          |
| is not   |          |      |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |      |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| applies  |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| f        |          |      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |      |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |      |          |          |          |
| of       |          |      |          |          |          |
| 3\*BW~   |          |      |          |          |          |
| Channel~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| band     |          |      |          |          |          |
| edge.    |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 2  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -33   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm for  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| range    |          |      |          |          |          |
| 5925 --  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MAX(60   |          |      |          |          |          |
| ,3\*CBW) |          |      |          |          |          |
| ≤ f \<   |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |      |          |          |          |
| DL\_low~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| -        |          |      |          |          |          |
| MAX(60,  |          |      |          |          |          |
| 3\*CBW). |          |      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+

For interferer frequencies across ranges 1, 2 and 3 in Table 7.6.3-4, a
maximum of

exceptions are allowed for spurious response frequencies in each
assigned frequency channel when measured using a step size of MHz
withthe number of resource blocks in the downlink transmission bandwidth
configuration, BW~Channel~ the bandwidth of the frequency channel in MHz
and *n* = 1, 2, 3 for SCS = 15, 30, 60 kHz, respectively. For these
exceptions, the requirements in clause 7.7 apply.

### 

### 7.6.4 Narrow band blocking

This requirement is measure of a receiver\'s ability to receive a NR
signal at its assigned channel frequency in the presence of an unwanted
narrow band CW interferer at a frequency, which is less than the nominal
channel spacing.

The relative throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2 and
A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters
specified in Table 7.6.4-1. For operating bands with an unpaired DL part
(as noted in Table 5.2-1), the requirements only apply for carriers
assigned in the paired part.

Table 7.6.4-1: Narrow Band Blocking

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>NR band</th>
<th>Parameter</th>
<th>Unit</th>
<th>Channel Bandwidth (MHz)</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50</td>
<td>60, 70, 80, 90, 100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1, n2, n3, n5, n7, n8, n12, n13, n14, n18, n20, n24, n25, n26, n28, n29, n30, n31, n34, n38, n39, n40, n41, n48, n50, n51, n53, n65, n66, n67, n70, n71, n72, n74, n75, n76, n85, n100, n101, n106</td>
<td>P<sub>w</sub></td>
<td>dBm</td>
<td>P<sub>REFSENS</sub> + channel-bandwidth specific value below</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>dB</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>13</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>P<sub>uw</sub> (CW)</td>
<td>dBm</td>
<td></td>
<td>-55</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>F<sub>uw</sub> (offset SCS= 15 kHz) <sup>4</sup></td>
<td>MHz</td>
<td><br /><span class="math display">$$\left( \left\lfloor \frac{\frac{\text{BW}_{\text{Channel}}}{2} + 0.2}{\text{SCS}} + 0.5 \right\rfloor + 0.5 \right)\text{SCS}$$</span><br /></td>
<td><br /><span class="math display">$$\left( \left\lfloor \frac{\frac{\text{BW}_{\text{Channel}}}{2} + \text{BW}_{GB,Channel}}{\text{SCS}} + 0.5 \right\rfloor + 0.5 \right)\text{SCS}$$</span><br /></td>
<td>NA</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>F<sub>uw</sub> (offset SCS= 30 kHz)<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>MHz</td>
<td>NA</td>
<td><br /><span class="math display">$$\left( \left\lfloor \frac{\frac{\text{BW}_{\text{Channel}}}{2} + \text{BW}_{GB,Channel}}{\text{SCS}} + 0.5 \right\rfloor + 0.5 \right)\text{SCS}$$</span><br /></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>NOTE 1: The transmitter shall be set a 4 dB below P<sub>CMAX_L,f,c</sub> at the minimum UL configuration specified in Table 7.3.2-3 with P<sub>CMAX_L,f,c</sub> defined in clause 6.2.4</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Reference measurement channel is specified in Annexes A.3.2 and A.3.3 with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: The P<sub>REFSENS</sub> power level is specified in Table 7.3.2-1a, Table 7.3.2-1b, Table 7.3.2-2 and Table 7.3.2-2a for two, four and eight antenna ports, respectively.</p>
<p>NOTE 4: F<sub>uw</sub> shall be rounded to half of SCS.</p>
<p>NOTE 5: For SDL bands, requirements shall be applied only for CA band combination cases.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

*NOTE: For bands n100 and n101,* additional requirements for wideband
cab-radio receiver are specified by ETSI TC RT based on ECC Decision
(20)02 \[19\].

7.6A Blocking characteristics for CA
------------------------------------

### 7.6A.1 General

### 7.6A.2 In-band blocking for CA

#### 7.6A.2.1 In-band blocking for Intra-band contiguous CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation the downlink SCC(s) shall
be configured at nominal channel spacing to the PCC. The UE shall fulfil
the minimum requirement specified in Table 7.6A.2.1-1 and 7.6A.2.1-1a
for an adjacent channel interferer on either side of the aggregated
downlink signal at a specified frequency offset and for an interferer
power up to -25 dBm. The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95% of
the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic
OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described in Annex
A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

Table 7.6A.2.1-1: In-band blocking parameters for intra-band contiguous
CA with F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz

+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+------+---+
| Rx Parameter | Units | NR CA        |              |      |   |
|              |       | bandwidth    |              |      |   |
|              |       | class        |              |      |   |
+==============+=======+==============+==============+======+===+
|              |       | B            | C            | D    |   |
+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+------+---+
| Pw in        | dBm   | REFSENS + CA |              |      |   |
| Transmission |       | bandwidth    |              |      |   |
| Bandwidth    |       | class        |              |      |   |
| Co           |       | specific     |              |      |   |
| nfiguration, |       | value below  |              |      |   |
| per CC       |       |              |              |      |   |
+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+------+---+
|              | dB    | 10.0         | 6            | 13.8 |   |
+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+------+---+
| **BW~Int     | MHz   | 20           | BW~          | 50   |   |
| erferer\ ~** |       |              | channel\ CA~ |      |   |
+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+------+---+
| **           | MHz   | 30           | BW~c         | 75   |   |
| F~Ioffset,\  |       |              | hannel\ CA~+ |      |   |
| case\ 1\ ~** |       |              | BW~ch        |      |   |
|              |       |              | annel\ CA~/2 |      |   |
+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+------+---+
| **           | MHz   | 50           | **BW~Inte    | 125  |   |
| F~Ioffset,\  |       |              | rferer\ ~**+ |      |   |
| case\ 2\ ~** |       |              | F~Ioffse     |      |   |
|              |       |              | t,\ case\ 1~ |      |   |
+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+------+---+
| NOTE 1: The  |       |              |              |      |   |
| transmitter  |       |              |              |      |   |
| shall be set |       |              |              |      |   |
| to 4dB below |       |              |              |      |   |
| P~           |       |              |              |      |   |
| CMAX\_L,f,c~ |       |              |              |      |   |
| at the       |       |              |              |      |   |
| minimum UL   |       |              |              |      |   |
| c            |       |              |              |      |   |
| onfiguration |       |              |              |      |   |
| specified in |       |              |              |      |   |
| Table        |       |              |              |      |   |
| 7.3.2-3 with |       |              |              |      |   |
| P~           |       |              |              |      |   |
| CMAX\_L,f,c~ |       |              |              |      |   |
| defined in   |       |              |              |      |   |
| clause       |       |              |              |      |   |
| 6.2.4.       |       |              |              |      |   |
|              |       |              |              |      |   |
| NOTE 2: The  |       |              |              |      |   |
| interferer   |       |              |              |      |   |
| consists of  |       |              |              |      |   |
| the          |       |              |              |      |   |
| Reference    |       |              |              |      |   |
| measurement  |       |              |              |      |   |
| channel      |       |              |              |      |   |
| specified in |       |              |              |      |   |
| Annexes      |       |              |              |      |   |
| A.3.2 and    |       |              |              |      |   |
| A.3.3 with   |       |              |              |      |   |
| one sided    |       |              |              |      |   |
| dynamic OCNG |       |              |              |      |   |
| Pattrn OP.1  |       |              |              |      |   |
| FDD/TDD as   |       |              |              |      |   |
| described in |       |              |              |      |   |
| Annex        |       |              |              |      |   |
| A.5          |       |              |              |      |   |
| .1.1/A.5.2.1 |       |              |              |      |   |
| and set-up   |       |              |              |      |   |
| according to |       |              |              |      |   |
| Annex C.3.1  |       |              |              |      |   |
+--------------+-------+--------------+--------------+------+---+

Table 7.6A.2.1-1a: In-band blocking parameters for intra-band contiguous
CA with F~DL\_low~ \< 2700 MHz and F~UL\_low~ \< 2700 MHz

+-----------------------+-------+-----------------------+----------+
| Rx Parameter          | Units | NR CA bandwidth class |          |
+=======================+=======+=======================+==========+
|                       |       | B                     | C        |
+-----------------------+-------+-----------------------+----------+
| Pw in Transmission    | dBm   | REFSENS + NR CA       |          |
| Bandwidth             |       | bandwidth class       |          |
| Configuration, per CC |       | specific value below  |          |
+-----------------------+-------+-----------------------+----------+
|                       | dB    | 16.0                  | 19.0     |
+-----------------------+-------+-----------------------+----------+
| **BW~Interferer~**    | MHz   | 5                     | 5        |
+-----------------------+-------+-----------------------+----------+
| **F                   | MHz   | 7.5                   | 7.5      |
| ~Ioffset,\ case\ 1~** |       |                       |          |
+-----------------------+-------+-----------------------+----------+
| **F                   | MHz   | **12.5**              | **12.5** |
| ~Ioffset,\ case\ 2~** |       |                       |          |
+-----------------------+-------+-----------------------+----------+
| NOTE 1: The           |       |                       |          |
| transmitter shall be  |       |                       |          |
| set to 4 dB below     |       |                       |          |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the |       |                       |          |
| minimum UL            |       |                       |          |
| configuration         |       |                       |          |
| specified in Table    |       |                       |          |
| 7.3.2-3 with          |       |                       |          |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~        |       |                       |          |
| defined in clause     |       |                       |          |
| 6.2.4.                |       |                       |          |
|                       |       |                       |          |
| NOTE 2: The           |       |                       |          |
| interferer consists   |       |                       |          |
| of the Reference      |       |                       |          |
| measurement channel   |       |                       |          |
| specified in Annexes  |       |                       |          |
| A.3.2 and A.3.3 with  |       |                       |          |
| one sided dynamic     |       |                       |          |
| OCNG Pattern OP.1     |       |                       |          |
| FDD/TDD as described  |       |                       |          |
| in Annex              |       |                       |          |
| A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1 and   |       |                       |          |
| set-up according to   |       |                       |          |
| Annex C.3.1           |       |                       |          |
+-----------------------+-------+-----------------------+----------+

Table 7.6A.2.1-2: In-band blocking for intra-band contiguous CA with
F~DL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz

+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NR band      | Parameter    | Unit | Case 1       | Case 2       |
+==============+==============+======+==============+==============+
|              | P            | dBm  | -56          | -44          |
|              | ~interferer~ |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| n77, n78,    | F            | MHz  | -F~offset~   | ≤ -F~offset~ |
| n79          | ~interferer~ |      | --F~Ioffse   | --F~Ioffse   |
|              | (offset)     |      | t,\ case\ 1~ | t,\ case\ 2~ |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | and          | and          |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | F~offset~    | ≥F~offset~   |
|              |              |      | +F~Ioffse    | +F~Ioffse    |
|              |              |      | t,\ case\ 1~ | t,\ case\ 2~ |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              | F            | MHz  | NOTE 2       | F~DL\_low~   |
|              | ~interferer~ |      |              | --           |
|              |              |      |              | 3BW~         |
|              |              |      |              | channel\ CA~ |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | to           |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | F~DL\_high~  |
|              |              |      |              | +            |
|              |              |      |              | 3BW~         |
|              |              |      |              | channel\ CA~ |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: The  |              |      |              |              |
| absolute     |              |      |              |              |
| value of the |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| offset       |              |      |              |              |
| Finterferer  |              |      |              |              |
| (offset)     |              |      |              |              |
| shall be     |              |      |              |              |
| further      |              |      |              |              |
| adjusted to  |              |      |              |              |
| MHz with SCS |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| sub-carrier  |              |      |              |              |
| spacing of   |              |      |              |              |
| the carrier  |              |      |              |              |
| closest to   |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| in MHz. The  |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| is an NR     |              |      |              |              |
| signal with  |              |      |              |              |
| an SCS equal |              |      |              |              |
| to that of   |              |      |              |              |
| the closest  |              |      |              |              |
| carrier.     |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 2: For  |              |      |              |              |
| each carrier |              |      |              |              |
| frequency,   |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| requirement  |              |      |              |              |
| applies for  |              |      |              |              |
| two          |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| carrier      |              |      |              |              |
| frequencies: |              |      |              |              |
| a:           |              |      |              |              |
| -F~offset~   |              |      |              |              |
| --           |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffset    |              |      |              |              |
| ,\ case\ 1~; |              |      |              |              |
| b: F~offset~ |              |      |              |              |
| +            |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffse     |              |      |              |              |
| t,\ case\ 1~ |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 3:      |              |      |              |              |
| BW~          |              |      |              |              |
| channel\ CA~ |              |      |              |              |
| denotes the  |              |      |              |              |
| aggregated   |              |      |              |              |
| channel      |              |      |              |              |
| bandwidth of |              |      |              |              |
| the wanted   |              |      |              |              |
| signal       |              |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+

Table 7.6A.2.1-2a: In-band blocking for intra-band contiguous CA with
F~DL\_low~ \< 2700 MHz and F~UL\_low~ \< 2700 MHz

+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| NR band  | P        | Unit | Case 1   | Case 2   | Case 3   |
|          | arameter |      |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+======+==========+==========+==========+
|          | P~int    | dBm  | -56      | -44      |          |
|          | erferer~ |      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| n2, n3,  | F~int    | MHz  | -F       | ≤        |          |
| n25,     | erferer~ |      | ~offset~ | -F       |          |
| n38,     | (offset) |      | --F~Io   | ~offset~ |          |
| n41,     |          |      | ffset,\  | --F~Io   |          |
| n66,     |          |      | case\ 1~ | ffset,\  |          |
| n48^4^,  |          |      |          | case\ 2~ |          |
| n40      |          |      | and      |          |          |
|          |          |      |          | and      |          |
|          |          |      | F        |          |          |
|          |          |      | ~offset~ | ≥F       |          |
|          |          |      | +F~Io    | ~offset~ |          |
|          |          |      | ffset,\  | +F~Io    |          |
|          |          |      | case\ 1~ | ffset,\  |          |
|          |          |      |          | case\ 2~ |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | F~int    | MHz  | NOTE 2   | F~       |          |
|          | erferer~ |      |          | DL\_low~ |          |
|          |          |      |          | -- 15    |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          | to       |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          | F~D      |          |
|          |          |      |          | L\_high~ |          |
|          |          |      |          | + 15     |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| n71      | F~int    | MHz  | NOTE 2   | F~       | F~       |
|          | erferer~ |      |          | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ |
|          |          |      |          | -- 12    | -- 12    |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          | to       |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          | F~D      |          |
|          |          |      |          | L\_high~ |          |
|          |          |      |          | + 15     |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| absolute |          |      |          |          |          |
| value of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| (offset) |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| further  |          |      |          |          |          |
| adjusted |          |      |          |          |          |
| to MHz   |          |      |          |          |          |
| with SCS |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| sub      |          |      |          |          |          |
| -carrier |          |      |          |          |          |
| spacing  |          |      |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |      |          |          |          |
| carrier  |          |      |          |          |          |
| closest  |          |      |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| in MHz.  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| is an NR |          |      |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |      |          |          |          |
| with 15  |          |      |          |          |          |
| kHz SCS. |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| For each |          |      |          |          |          |
| carrier  |          |      |          |          |          |
| fr       |          |      |          |          |          |
| equency, |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| applies  |          |      |          |          |          |
| for two  |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| carrier  |          |      |          |          |          |
| freq     |          |      |          |          |          |
| uencies: |          |      |          |          |          |
| a:       |          |      |          |          |          |
| -F       |          |      |          |          |          |
| ~offset~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| --       |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Iof    |          |      |          |          |          |
| fset,\ c |          |      |          |          |          |
| ase\ 1~; |          |      |          |          |          |
| b:       |          |      |          |          |          |
| F        |          |      |          |          |          |
| ~offset~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| +        |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Io     |          |      |          |          |          |
| ffset,\  |          |      |          |          |          |
| case\ 1~ |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| BW~chan  |          |      |          |          |          |
| nel\ CA~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| denotes  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| ag       |          |      |          |          |          |
| gregated |          |      |          |          |          |
| channel  |          |      |          |          |          |
| b        |          |      |          |          |          |
| andwidth |          |      |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |      |          |          |          |
| wanted   |          |      |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| n48      |          |      |          |          |          |
| follows  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |      |          |          |          |
| f        |          |      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |      |          |          |          |
| range    |          |      |          |          |          |
| a        |          |      |          |          |          |
| ccording |          |      |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |      |          |          |          |
| general  |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| Clause   |          |      |          |          |          |
| 7.1A.    |          |      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+

#### 7.6A.2.2 In-band blocking for Intra-band non-contiguous CA

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation with one uplink
carrier and two or more downlink sub-blocks, each larger than or equal
to 5 MHz, the in-band blocking requirements are defined with the uplink
configuration in accordance with Table 7.3A.2.2-1. For this uplink
configuration, the UE shall meet the requirements for each sub-block as
specified in clause 7.6.2 and 7.6A.2.1 for one component carrier and two
component carriers per sub-block, respectively. The requirements apply
for in-gap and out-of-gap interferers while all downlink carriers are
active.

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

#### 7.6A.2.3 In-band blocking for Inter-band CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation with one component carrier per
operating band and the uplink assigned to one NR band, the in-band
blocking requirements are defined with the uplink active on the band(s)
other than the band whose downlink is being tested. The UE shall meet
the requirements specified in clause 7.6.2 and clause 7.6F.2 when the
downlink belongs to a spectrum sharing defined band, for each component
carrier while all downlink carriers are active.

For the UE which supports inter-band CA configuration in Table
7.3A.3.2.1-1, P~interferer~ power defined in Table 7.6.2-2 and 7.6.2-4,
and Table 7.6F.2.1-2 for shared spectrum channel access, is increased by
the amount given by ΔR~IB,c~ in Table 7.3A.3.2.1-1 and in Table 7.3F.3-1
for shared spectrum channel access.

For NR CA configurations including an operating band without uplink
operation or an operating band with an unpaired DL part (as noted in
Table 5.2-1), the requirements for all downlinks shall be met with the
single uplink carrier active in each band capable of UL operation. The
requirements for the component carrier configured in the operating band
without uplink operation are specified in clause 7.6.2 while all
downlink carriers are active.

Table 7.6A.2.3-1: Void

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

### 7.6A.3 Out-of-band blocking for CA

#### 7.6A.3.1 Out-of-band blocking for Intra-band contiguous CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggreagation the downlink SCC(s) shall
be configured at nominal channel spacing to the PCC. For FDD, the PCC
shall be configured closest to the uplink band. All downlink carriers
shall be active throughout the test.

The UE shall fulfil the minimum requirement in presence of an
interfering signal specified in Table 7.6A.3-1 and Table 7.6A.3-2 being
on either side of the aggregated signal. The throughput of each carrier
shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement
channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided
dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described in
Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

Table 7.6A.3-1: Out-of-band blocking parameters for intra-band
contiguous CA

  RX parameter                                                                                                                                                                Units   CA bandwidth class                                          
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------- --------------------------------------------------- --- --- --
                                                                                                                                                                                      B                                                   C   D   
  Power in transmission bandwidth configuration                                                                                                                               dBm     REFSENS + CA bandwidth class specific value below           
                                                                                                                                                                              dB      9                                                   9   9   
  NOTE 1: The transmitter shall be set to 4 dB below P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the minimum UL configuration specified in Table 7.3.2-3 with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined in clause 6.2.4.                                                                       

Table 7.6A.3-1a: Void

Table 7.6A.3-2: Out of-band blocking for intra-band contiguous CA

+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| NR band  | P        | Unit | Range1   | Range 2  | Range 3  |
|          | arameter |      |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+======+==========+==========+==========+
|          | P~int    | dBm  | -45      | -30      | -15      |
|          | erferer~ |      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| n2, n3,  | F~int    | MHz  | -60 \< f | -85 \< f | 1 ≤ f ≤  |
| n25,     | erferer~ |      | --       | --       | F~       |
| n38,     | (CW)     |      | F~       | F~       | DL\_low~ |
| n41,     |          |      | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ | -- 85    |
| n66,     |          |      | \< -15   | ≤ -60    |          |
| n71,     |          |      |          |          | or       |
| n48^5^,  |          |      | or       | or       |          |
| n40      |          |      |          |          | F~D      |
|          |          |      | 15 \< f  | 60 ≤ f   | L\_high~ |
|          |          |      | --       | --       | + 85 ≤ f |
|          |          |      | F~D      | F~D      |          |
|          |          |      | L\_high~ | L\_high~ | ≤ 12750  |
|          |          |      | \< 60    | \< 85    |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| n77, n78 | F~int    | MHz  | N/A      | N/A      | 1 ≤ f ≤  |
|          | erferer~ |      |          |          | F~       |
| (NOTE 3) | (CW)     |      |          |          | DL\_low~ |
|          |          |      |          |          | --       |
|          |          |      |          |          | MAX      |
|          |          |      |          |          | (200,3\* |
|          |          |      |          |          | BW~Chann |
|          |          |      |          |          | el\_CA~) |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          | or       |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          | F~DL     |
|          |          |      |          |          | \_high~+ |
|          |          |      |          |          | MAX      |
|          |          |      |          |          | (200,3\* |
|          |          |      |          |          | BW~Chann |
|          |          |      |          |          | el\_CA~) |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          | ≤ f ≤    |
|          |          |      |          |          | 12750    |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| n79      | F~int    | MHz  | N/A      | N/A      | 1 ≤ f ≤  |
|          | erferer~ |      |          |          | F~       |
| (NOTE 4) | (CW)     |      |          |          | DL\_low~ |
|          |          |      |          |          | --       |
|          |          |      |          |          | MAX      |
|          |          |      |          |          | (150,3\* |
|          |          |      |          |          | BW~Chann |
|          |          |      |          |          | el\_CA~) |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          | or       |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          | F~D      |
|          |          |      |          |          | L\_high~ |
|          |          |      |          |          | +        |
|          |          |      |          |          | MAX      |
|          |          |      |          |          | (150,3\* |
|          |          |      |          |          | BW~Chann |
|          |          |      |          |          | el\_CA~) |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          | ≤ f ≤    |
|          |          |      |          |          | 12750    |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm for  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 6000  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz.     |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| BW~Chan  |          |      |          |          |          |
| nel\_CA~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| denotes  |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| ag       |          |      |          |          |          |
| gregated |          |      |          |          |          |
| channel  |          |      |          |          |          |
| b        |          |      |          |          |          |
| andwidth |          |      |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |      |          |          |          |
| wanted   |          |      |          |          |          |
| signal   |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm, for |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 2700  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz and  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \< 4800  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz. For |          |      |          |          |          |
| BW~Chan  |          |      |          |          |          |
| nel\_CA~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 15    |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz, the |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 1  |          |      |          |          |          |
| is not   |          |      |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |      |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 2  |          |      |          |          |          |
| applies  |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| f        |          |      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |      |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |      |          |          |          |
| of       |          |      |          |          |          |
| 3\       |          |      |          |          |          |
| *BW~Chan |          |      |          |          |          |
| nel\_CA~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| band     |          |      |          |          |          |
| edge.    |          |      |          |          |          |
| For      |          |      |          |          |          |
| BW~Chan  |          |      |          |          |          |
| nel\_CA~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 65    |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz, the |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 2  |          |      |          |          |          |
| is not   |          |      |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |      |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| applies  |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| f        |          |      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |      |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |      |          |          |          |
| of       |          |      |          |          |          |
| 3\       |          |      |          |          |          |
| *BW~Chan |          |      |          |          |          |
| nel\_CA~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| band     |          |      |          |          |          |
| edge.    |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm, for |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 3650  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz and  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \< 5750  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz. For |          |      |          |          |          |
| BW~Chan  |          |      |          |          |          |
| nel\_CA~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 45    |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz, the |          |      |          |          |          |
| req      |          |      |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 2  |          |      |          |          |          |
| is not   |          |      |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |      |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |      |          |          |          |
| and      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| applies  |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| f        |          |      |          |          |          |
| requency |          |      |          |          |          |
| offset   |          |      |          |          |          |
| of       |          |      |          |          |          |
| 3\       |          |      |          |          |          |
| *BW~Chan |          |      |          |          |          |
| nel\_CA~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| from the |          |      |          |          |          |
| band     |          |      |          |          |          |
| edge.    |          |      |          |          |          |
|          |          |      |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |      |          |          |          |
| The      |          |      |          |          |          |
| power    |          |      |          |          |          |
| level of |          |      |          |          |          |
| the      |          |      |          |          |          |
| in       |          |      |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |      |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |      |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |      |          |          |          |
| for      |          |      |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |      |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |      |          |          |          |
| modified |          |      |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |      |          |          |          |
| dBm for  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \> 2700  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz and  |          |      |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |      |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |      |          |          |          |
| \< 4800  |          |      |          |          |          |
| MHz      |          |      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 7.6A.3-2a: Void

For interferer frequencies across ranges 1, 2 and 3 in Table 7.6A.3-2, a
maximum of

exceptions are allowed for spurious response frequencies in each
assigned frequency channel when measured using a step size of MHz with
the number of resource blocks in the downlink transmission bandwidth
configuration, BW~Channel~ is the bandwidth of the frequency channel in
MHz and *n* = 1, 2, 3 for SCS = 15, 30, 60 kHz, respectively. For these
exceptions, the requirements in subclause 7.7A.1 apply.

#### 7.6A.3.2 Out-of-band blocking for Intra-band non-contiguous CA

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation with one uplink
carrier and two or more downlink sub-blocks, the out-of-band blocking
requirements are defined with the uplink configuration in accordance
with Table 7.3A.2.2-1. For this uplink configuration, the UE shall meet
the requirements for each sub-block as specified in clauses 7.6.3 and
7.6A.3.1 for one component carrier and two component carriers per
sub-block, respectively. The requirements apply with all downlink
carriers active.

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

#### 7.6A.3.3 Out-of-band blocking for Inter-band CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation with one component carrier per
operating band and the uplink assigned to one NR band, the out-of-band
blocking requirements are defined with the uplink active on the band(s)
other than the band whose downlink is being tested. For NR CA
configurations including an operating band without uplink band or an
operating band with an unpaired DL part (as noted in Table 5.2-1), the
requirements for all downlinks shall be met with the single uplink
carrier active in each band capable of UL operation. The UE shall meet
the requirements specified in clause 7.6.3 for each component carrier
while all downlink carriers are active.

For inter-band carrier aggregation with component carriers in operating
bands \< 2.7GHz including n48, and for F~DL\_Low(*j*)~ -- 15 MHz ≤ f ≤
F~DL\_High(*j*)~ + 15 MHz, the appropriate adjacent channel selectivity
and in-band blocking requirements in the respective clauses 7.5 and
7.6.2 shall be applied for carrier *j*. For inter-band carrier
aggregation with component carriers in operating bands \> 2.7GHz
excluding n48, and for F~DL\_Low(*j*)~ -- 3\* BW~channel~ ≤ f ≤
F~DL\_High(*j*)~ + 3\* BW~channel~, the appropriate adjacent channel
selectivity and in-band blocking requirements in the respective clauses
7.5 and 7.6.2 shall be applied for carrier *j*. F~DL\_Low(*j*)~ and
F~DL\_High(*j*)~ denote the respective lower and upper frequency limits
of the operating band containing carrier *j*, *j* = 1,...,X, with
carriers numbered in increasing order of carrier frequency and X the
number of component carriers in the band combination. BW~channel~
denotes the channel bandwidth of the wanted signal component carrier j.
If CW interferer falls in a gap between F~DL\_High(*j*)~ and
F~DL\_Low(*j*+1)~ where the corresponding OOB ranges 1 and 2 overlap,
then the lower level interferer limit of the overlapping OOB ranges
applies.

If F~DL\_high~ of the lower NR band is greater than or equal to the
F~DL\_low~ of the another upper NR band as in overlapping RX frequency
ranges, then the OOB range shall start from the F~DL\_low~ of the lower
NR band, and from the F~DL\_high~ of the upper NR band.

For inter-band carrier aggregation with uplink assigned to two NR bands,
the out-of-band blocking requirements specified in clause 7.6.3 shall be
met with the transmitter power for the uplink set to 7 dB below
P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ for each serving cell c.

For the UE which supports inter-band CA configuration in Table
7.3A.3.2.1-1, P~interferer~ power defined in Table 7.6.3-2 and 7.6.3-4
and Table 7.6F.3.2-2 for shared spectrum channel access, is increased by
the amount given by ΔR~IB,c~ in Table 7.3A.3.2.1-1 and in Table 7.3F.3-1
for shared spectrum channel access.

For inter-band CA combination listed in Table 7.6A.3.3-1, exceptions to
the requirement specified in Table 7.6A.3.3-2 are allowed when the
second order intermodulation product of the lower frequency band UL
carrier and the CW interfering signal fully or partially overlaps with
the higher frequency band DL carrier. Unless otherwise stated, the
exceptions apply to any power classes for the listed inter-band CA
combinations.

Table 7.6A.3.3-1: CA band combination with exceptions allowed

  CA band combination
  ---------------------
  CA\_n1-n102
  CA\_n5-n77
  CA\_n5-n78
  CA\_n5-n79
  **CA\_n7-n8**
  **CA\_n7-n46**
  CA\_n7-n105
  **CA\_n8-n77**
  CA\_n8-n78
  CA\_n8-n79
  CA\_n12-n48
  **CA\_n12-n77**
  CA\_n12-n78
  **CA\_n13-n77**
  **CA\_n14-n77**
  CA\_n18-n77
  CA\_n18-n78
  CA\_n20-n78
  CA\_n26-n77
  CA\_n26-n78
  **CA\_n28-n46**
  CA\_n28-n77
  CA\_n28-n78
  CA\_n28-n79
  CA\_n28-n102
  **CA\_n48-n71**
  **CA\_n48-n77**
  **CA\_n71-n77**
  **CA\_n71-n78**
  CA\_n77-n85
  CA\_n78-n92
  CA\_n78-n105

Table 7.6A.3.3-1a: Void

Table 7.6A.3.3-2: Requirement for out-of-band blocking exceptions

  Parameter                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Unit   Level
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------ --------
  P~Interferer~ (CW)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     dBm    -44^1^
  NOTE 1: The requirement applies when $\left| f_{\text{Interferer}} \pm \ f_{\text{UL}}^{\text{LB}} - \ f_{\text{DL}}^{\text{HB}} \right| \leq (\text{BW}_{\text{UL}}^{\text{LB}} + \ \text{BW}_{\text{DL}}^{\text{HB}})/2$, where $f_{\text{UL}}^{\text{LB}}$ and $f_{\text{DL}}^{\text{HB}}$ are the carrier frequencies for lower frequency band UL and higher frequency band DL, respectively. $\text{BW}_{\text{UL}}^{\text{LB}}\ $and $\text{BW}_{\text{DL}}^{\text{HB}}\ $are the channel bandwidths configured for lower frequency band UL carrier and higher frequency band DL carrier in MHz, respectively.          

For all interferer frequency ranges specified in clause 7.6.3 a maximum
of

exceptions are allowed for spurious response frequencies in each
assigned frequency channel when measured using a step size of MHz with
*N~RB~* the number of resource blocks in the downlink transmission
bandwidth configuration, BW~Channel~ the bandwidth of the frequency
channel in MHz and n = 1, 2, 3 for SCS = 15, 30, 60 kHz, respectively.
For these exceptions, the requirements in clause 7.7 apply.

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

### 7.6A.4 Narrow band blocking for CA

#### 7.6A.4.1 Narrow band blocking for Intra-band contiguous CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the downlink SCC(s) shall
be configured at nominal channel spacing to the PCC. For FDD, the PCC
shall be configured closest to the uplink band. All downlink carriers
shall be active throughout the test. The uplink output power shall be
set as specified in Table 7.6A.4.1-1 with the uplink configuration. For
UE(s) supporting one uplink, the uplink configuration of the PCC shall
be in accordance with Table 7.3.2-3. The UE shall fulfil the minimum
requirement in presence of an interfering signal specified in Table
7.6A.4.1-1 being on either side of the aggregated signal. The throughput
of each carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A3.2 and
A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters
specified in Table 7.6A.4.1-1.

Table 7.6A.4.1-1: Narrow-band blocking for intra-band contiguous CA

+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NR band      | Parameter    | Unit | NR CA        |              |
|              |              |      | bandwidth    |              |
|              |              |      | class        |              |
+==============+==============+======+==============+==============+
|              |              |      | B            | C            |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| n1, n2, n3,  | P~w~ in      | dBm  | REFSENS + NR |              |
| n25, n38,    | Transmission |      | CA Bandwidth |              |
| n41, n66,    | Bandwidth    |      | Class        |              |
| n71, n48,    | Co           |      | specific     |              |
| n40          | nfiguration, |      | value below  |              |
|              | per CC       |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | dB   | 16           | 16           |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              | P~uw~ (CW)   | dBm  | -55          | -55          |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              | F~uw~        | MHz  | \- F~offset~ | \- F~offset~ |
|              | (offset      |      | -- 0.2       | -- 0.2       |
|              | for*∆f* = 15 |      |              |              |
|              | kHz, 30 kHz) |      | /            | /            |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | \+ F~offset~ | \+ F~offset~ |
|              |              |      | + 0.2        | + 0.2        |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: The  |              |      |              |              |
| transmitter  |              |      |              |              |
| shall be set |              |      |              |              |
| a 4 dB below |              |      |              |              |
| P~           |              |      |              |              |
| CMAX\_L,f,c~ |              |      |              |              |
| at the       |              |      |              |              |
| minimum UL   |              |      |              |              |
| c            |              |      |              |              |
| onfiguration |              |      |              |              |
| specified in |              |      |              |              |
| Table        |              |      |              |              |
| 7.3.2-3 with |              |      |              |              |
| P~           |              |      |              |              |
| CMAX\_L,f,c~ |              |      |              |              |
| defined in   |              |      |              |              |
| clause       |              |      |              |              |
| 6.2.4.       |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 2:      |              |      |              |              |
| Reference    |              |      |              |              |
| measurement  |              |      |              |              |
| channel is   |              |      |              |              |
| specified in |              |      |              |              |
| Annexes      |              |      |              |              |
| A.3.2 and    |              |      |              |              |
| A3.2 with    |              |      |              |              |
| one sided    |              |      |              |              |
| dynamic OCNG |              |      |              |              |
| Pattern OP.1 |              |      |              |              |
| FDD/TDD as   |              |      |              |              |
| described in |              |      |              |              |
| Annex        |              |      |              |              |
| A.5.         |              |      |              |              |
| 1.1/A.5.2.1. |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 3: The  |              |      |              |              |
| PREFSENS     |              |      |              |              |
| power level  |              |      |              |              |
| is specified |              |      |              |              |
| in Table     |              |      |              |              |
| 7.3.2-1a,    |              |      |              |              |
| Table        |              |      |              |              |
| 7.3.2-1b,    |              |      |              |              |
| Table        |              |      |              |              |
| 7.3.2-2 and  |              |      |              |              |
| Table        |              |      |              |              |
| 7.3.2-2a for |              |      |              |              |
| two, four    |              |      |              |              |
| and eight    |              |      |              |              |
| antenna      |              |      |              |              |
| ports,       |              |      |              |              |
| r            |              |      |              |              |
| espectively. |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 4: The  |              |      |              |              |
| F~uw~        |              |      |              |              |
| (offset) is  |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| frequency    |              |      |              |              |
| separation   |              |      |              |              |
| of the       |              |      |              |              |
| center       |              |      |              |              |
| frequency of |              |      |              |              |
| the carrier  |              |      |              |              |
| closest to   |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| and the      |              |      |              |              |
| center       |              |      |              |              |
| frequency of |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| and shall be |              |      |              |              |
| further      |              |      |              |              |
| adjusted to  |              |      |              |              |
| MHz to be    |              |      |              |              |
| offset from  |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| sub-carrier  |              |      |              |              |
| raster.      |              |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+

#### 7.6A.4.2 Narrow band blocking for Intra-band non-contiguous CA

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation with F**~DL\_low~** \<
2700 MHz and F**~UL\_low~** \< 2700 MHz with one uplink carrier and two
or more downlink sub-blocks, the narrow band blocking requirements are
defined with the uplink configuration in accordance with Table
7.3A.2.2-1. For this uplink configuration, the UE shall meet the
requirements for each sub-block as specified in clauses 7.6.4 and
7.6A.4.1 for one component carrier and two component carriers per
sub-block, respectively. The requirements apply for in-gap and
out-of-gap interferers while all downlink carriers are active.

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

#### 7.6A.4.3 Narrow band blocking for Inter-band CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation with one component carrier per
operating band and the uplink assigned to one NR band, the narrow band
blocking requirements are defined with the uplink active on the band(s)
other than the band whose downlink is being tested. For NR CA
configurations including an operating band without uplink band or an
operating band with an unpaired DL part (as noted in Table 5.2-1), the
requirements for all downlinks shall be met with the single uplink
carrier active in each band capable of UL operation. The UE shall meet
the requirements specified in clause 7.6.4 for each component carrier
while all downlink carriers are active.

For the UE which supports inter-band CA configuration in Table
7.3A.3.2.1-1, P~UW~ power defined in Table 7.6.4-1 is increased by the
amount given by ΔR~IB,c~ in Table 7.3A.3.2.1-1.

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

7.6B Blocking characteristics for NR-DC
---------------------------------------

For inter-band NR-DC configurations, the blocking characterstics for the
corresponding inter-band CA configuration as specified in clause 7.6A
applies.

7.6C Blocking characteristics for SUL
-------------------------------------

### 7.6C.1 General

### 7.6C.2 In-band blocking for SUL

For SUL operation, the in-band blocking requirement for downlink bands
specified in clause 7.6.2 shall be met.

For SUL operation with downlink CA, the in-band blocking requirement for
downlink bands specified in clause 7.6A.2 shall be met.

### 7.6C.3 Out-of-band blocking for SUL

For SUL operation, the out-of-band blocking requirement for downlink
bands specified in clause 7.6.3 shall be met. For SUL operation with
downlink CA, the out-of-band blocking requirement for downlink bands
specified in clause 7.6A.3 shall be met. For operation band combination
listed in Table 7.6C.3-1, exceptions to the requirement specified in
Table 7.6C.3-2 are allowed when the second order intermodulation product
of the SUL carrier and the CW interfering signal fully or partially
overlaps with the DL carrier.

Table 7.6C.3-1: SUL operating band combination with exceptions allowed

  NR Band combination for SUL
  -----------------------------
  SUL\_n78-n81
  SUL\_n78-n82
  SUL\_n78-n83
  SUL\_n79-n81
  SUL\_n79-n83

Table 7.6C.3-2: Requirement for out-of-band blocking exceptions

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------ --------
  Parameter                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit   Level
  P~Interferer~ (CW)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         dBm    -44^1^
  NOTE 1: The requirement applies when$\ |f_{\text{Interferer}} \pm \ f_{\text{SUL}} - \ f_{\text{DL}}| \leq (\text{BW}_{\text{SUL}} + \ \text{BW}_{\text{DL}})/2$, where $\text{BW}_{\text{SUL}}\ $and $\text{BW}_{\text{DL}}\ $are the channel bandwidths configured for SUL and DL (victim) bands in MHz, respectively.          
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------ --------

For all interferer frequency ranges specified in clause 7.6.3 a maximum
of

exceptions are allowed for spurious response frequencies in each
assigned frequency channel when measured using a step size of MHz with
*N~RB~* the number of resource blocks in the downlink transmission
bandwidth configuration, BW~Channel~ the bandwidth of the frequency
channel in MHz and *n* = 1, 2, 3 for SCS = 15, 30, 60 kHz, respectively.
For these exceptions, the requirements in clause 7.7 apply.

### 7.6C.4 Narrow band blocking for SUL

Narrow band blocking is not specified for SUL band combination.

7.6D Blocking characteristics for UL MIMO
-----------------------------------------

For UE with two or four transmitter antenna connectors in closed-loop
spatial multiplexing scheme, the minimum requirements specified in
clause 7.6 shall be met with the UL MIMO configurations described in
clause 6.2D.1 and in clause 6.2F.1D for shared spectrum access
operation. For UL MIMO, the parameter P~CMAX\_L~ is defined as the total
transmitter power over all transmit antenna connectors.

7.6E Blocking characteristics for V2X
-------------------------------------

### 7.6E.1 General

The blocking characteristic is a measure of the receiver\'s ability to
receive a wanted signal at its assigned channel frequency in the
presence of an unwanted interferer on frequencies other than those of
the spurious response or the adjacent channels, without this unwanted
input signal causing a degradation of the performance of the receiver
beyond a specified limit. The blocking performance shall apply at all
frequencies except those at which a spurious response occurs.

### 7.6E.2 In-band blocking

#### 7.6E.2.1 General

When UE is configured for NR V2X reception non-concurrent with NR uplink
transmissions for NR V2X operating bands specified in Table 5.2E.1-1,
the throughput of the wanted signal shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum
throughput of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annex
A.7.2 with parameters specified in Table 7.6E.2.1-1 and Table
7.6E.2.1-2. The relative throughput requirement shall be met for any SCS
specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted signal.

Table 7.6E.2.1-1: In-band blocking parameters for NR V2X

  RX parameter                                                                                                          Units   Channel bandwidth                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------- ---------------------------------------------------------- -------- -------- --------
                                                                                                                                10 MHz                                                     20 MHz   30 MHz   40 MHz
  Power in transmission bandwidth configuration                                                                         dBm     P~REFSENS\_V2X~ + channel bandwidth specific value below                     
                                                                                                                        dB      6                                                          9        11       12
  BW~interferer~                                                                                                        MHz     10                                                                           
  F~Ioffset,\ case\ 1~                                                                                                  MHz     15                                                                           
  F~Ioffset,\ case\ 2~                                                                                                  MHz     25                                                                           
  NOTE 1: The interferer is QPSK modulated PUSCH containing data and reference symbols. Normal cyclic prefix is used.                                                                                        

Table 7.6E.2.1-1a: In-band blocking parameters in n14

  RX parameter                                                                                                          Units   Channel bandwidth                                                                     
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------- ---------------------------------------------------------- -------- -------- -------- --------
                                                                                                                                5 MHz                                                      10 MHz   20 MHz   30 MHz   40 MHz
  Power in transmission bandwidth configuration                                                                         dBm     P~REFSENS\_V2X~ + channel bandwidth specific value below                              
                                                                                                                        dB      6                                                          6                          
  BW~interferer~                                                                                                        MHz     5                                                                                     
  F~Ioffset,\ case\ 1~                                                                                                  MHz     7.5                                                                                   
  F~Ioffset,\ case\ 2~                                                                                                  MHz     12.5                                                                                  
  NOTE 1: The interferer is QPSK modulated PUSCH containing data and reference symbols. Normal cyclic prefix is used.                                                                                                 

Table 7.6E.2.1-2: In-band blocking for NR V2X

+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NR band      | Parameter    | Unit | Case 1       | Case 2       |
+==============+==============+======+==============+==============+
| n14          | P            | dBm  | -56          | -44          |
|              | ~Interferer~ |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              | F            | MHz  | -BW/2 --     | ≤-BW/2 --    |
|              | ~Interferer~ |      | F~Ioff       | F~Ioff       |
|              | (offset)     |      | set,case\ 1~ | set,case\ 2~ |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | &            | &            |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | BW/2 +       | ≥BW/2 +      |
|              |              |      | F~Ioff       | F~Ioff       |
|              |              |      | set,case\ 1~ | set,case\ 2~ |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              | F            | MHz  | NOTE 2       | F~DL\_low~   |
|              | ~Interferer~ |      |              | -- 15        |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | to           |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | F~DL\_high~  |
|              |              |      |              | + 15         |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| n38, n47     | P            | dBm  | -44          | -44          |
|              | ~interferer~ |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              | F            | MHz  | -BW/2 --     | ≤ -BW/2 --   |
|              | ~interferer~ |      | F~Ioffse     | F~Ioffse     |
|              | (offset)     |      | t,\ case\ 1~ | t,\ case\ 2~ |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | and          | and          |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | BW/2 +       | ≥ BW/2 +     |
|              |              |      | F~Ioffse     | F~Ioffse     |
|              |              |      | t,\ case\ 1~ | t,\ case\ 2~ |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              | F            | MHz  | NOTE 2       | F~DL\_low~   |
|              | ~interferer~ |      |              | -- 30        |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | to           |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | F~DL\_high~  |
|              |              |      |              | + 30         |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: For  |              |      |              |              |
| certain      |              |      |              |              |
| bands, the   |              |      |              |              |
| unwanted     |              |      |              |              |
| modulated    |              |      |              |              |
| interfering  |              |      |              |              |
| signal may   |              |      |              |              |
| not fall     |              |      |              |              |
| inside the   |              |      |              |              |
| UE receive   |              |      |              |              |
| band, but    |              |      |              |              |
| within the   |              |      |              |              |
| first 15 MHz |              |      |              |              |
| below or     |              |      |              |              |
| above the UE |              |      |              |              |
| receive      |              |      |              |              |
| band.        |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 2: For  |              |      |              |              |
| each carrier |              |      |              |              |
| frequency    |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| requirement  |              |      |              |              |
| is valid for |              |      |              |              |
| two          |              |      |              |              |
| frequencies: |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| > a\. the    |              |      |              |              |
| > carrier    |              |      |              |              |
| > frequency  |              |      |              |              |
| > -BW/2 --   |              |      |              |              |
| > F~Ioffse   |              |      |              |              |
| t,\ case\ 1~ |              |      |              |              |
| > and        |              |      |              |              |
| >            |              |      |              |              |
| > b\. the    |              |      |              |              |
| > carrier    |              |      |              |              |
| > frequency  |              |      |              |              |
| > +BW/2 +    |              |      |              |              |
| > F~Ioffse   |              |      |              |              |
| t,\ case\ 1~ |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 3:      |              |      |              |              |
| F            |              |      |              |              |
| ~Interferer~ |              |      |              |              |
| range values |              |      |              |              |
| for unwanted |              |      |              |              |
| modulated    |              |      |              |              |
| interfering  |              |      |              |              |
| signal are   |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| center       |              |      |              |              |
| frequencies  |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 4: The  |              |      |              |              |
| absolute     |              |      |              |              |
| value of the |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| offset       |              |      |              |              |
| F            |              |      |              |              |
| ~interferer~ |              |      |              |              |
| (offset)     |              |      |              |              |
| shall be     |              |      |              |              |
| further      |              |      |              |              |
| adjusted to  |              |      |              |              |
| MHz with SCS |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| sub-carrier  |              |      |              |              |
| spacing of   |              |      |              |              |
| the wanted   |              |      |              |              |
| signal in    |              |      |              |              |
| MHz. The     |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| is an NR     |              |      |              |              |
| signal with  |              |      |              |              |
| 15 kHz SCS.  |              |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+

#### 7.6E.2.1A In-band blocking for Sidelink CA

For intra-band contiguous SL CA operation, the UE shall fulfil the
minimum requirement specified in Table 7.6E.2.1A-1 to Table 7.6E.2.1A-2
where the throughput shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annex A.7.2.

Table 7.6E.2.1A-1 In-band blocking parameters for intra-band contiguous
SL CA UE

  Rx Parameter                                                                                                          Units   SL CA bandwidth class
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                B
  Pw in Transmission Bandwidth Configuration, per CC                                                                    dBm     P~REFSENS\_SL~ + NR SL CA bandwidth class specific value below
                                                                                                                        dB      16.0
  **BW~Interferer~**                                                                                                    MHz     10
  **F~Ioffset,\ case\ 1~**                                                                                              MHz     15
  **F~Ioffset,\ case\ 2~**                                                                                              MHz     **25**
  NOTE 1: The interferer is QPSK modulated PUSCH containing data and reference symbols. Normal cyclic prefix is used.           

Table 7.6E.2.1A-2 In-band blocking for intra-band contiguous SL CA UE

+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NR SL CA     | Parameter    | Unit | Case 1       | Case 2       |
| band         |              |      |              |              |
+==============+==============+======+==============+==============+
|              | P            | dBm  | -44          | -44          |
|              | ~Interferer~ |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| SL\_n47B     | F            | MHz  | \-           | ≤-           |
|              | ~Interferer~ |      | BW~ch        | BW~ch        |
|              |              |      | annel\ CA~/2 | annel\ CA~/2 |
|              | (offset)     |      | --           | --           |
|              |              |      | F~Ioff       | F~Ioff       |
|              |              |      | set,case\ 1~ | set,case\ 2~ |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | &            | &            |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | \+           | ≥+           |
|              |              |      | BW~ch        | BW~ch        |
|              |              |      | annel\ CA~/2 | annel\ CA~/2 |
|              |              |      | +            | +            |
|              |              |      | F~Ioff       | F~Ioff       |
|              |              |      | set,case\ 1~ | set,case\ 2~ |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              | F            | MHz  | NOTE 2       | F~DL\_low~   |
|              | ~Interferer~ |      |              | -- 30        |
|              | (Range)      |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | to           |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | F~DL\_high~  |
|              |              |      |              | + 30         |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: For  |              |      |              |              |
| certain      |              |      |              |              |
| bands, the   |              |      |              |              |
| unwanted     |              |      |              |              |
| modulated    |              |      |              |              |
| interfering  |              |      |              |              |
| signal may   |              |      |              |              |
| not fall     |              |      |              |              |
| inside the   |              |      |              |              |
| UE receive   |              |      |              |              |
| band, but    |              |      |              |              |
| within the   |              |      |              |              |
| first 30 MHz |              |      |              |              |
| below or     |              |      |              |              |
| above the UE |              |      |              |              |
| receive band |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 2: For  |              |      |              |              |
| each carrier |              |      |              |              |
| frequency    |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| requirement  |              |      |              |              |
| is valid for |              |      |              |              |
| two          |              |      |              |              |
| frequencies: |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| a\. the      |              |      |              |              |
| carrier      |              |      |              |              |
| frequency -  |              |      |              |              |
| BW~ch        |              |      |              |              |
| annel\ CA~/2 |              |      |              |              |
| - FIoffset,  |              |      |              |              |
| case 1 and   |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| b\. the      |              |      |              |              |
| carrier      |              |      |              |              |
| frequency +  |              |      |              |              |
| BW~ch        |              |      |              |              |
| annel\ CA~/2 |              |      |              |              |
| + FIoffset,  |              |      |              |              |
| case 1       |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 3:      |              |      |              |              |
| BW~          |              |      |              |              |
| channel\ CA~ |              |      |              |              |
| denotes the  |              |      |              |              |
| aggregated   |              |      |              |              |
| channel      |              |      |              |              |
| bandwidth of |              |      |              |              |
| the wanted   |              |      |              |              |
| signal       |              |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+

#### 7.6E.2.2 In-band blocking for V2X concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR V2X operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.6E.2.1 shall apply for the NR sidelink reception
in the operating bands in Table 5.2E.2-1 and the requirements specified
in clause 7.6.2 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in licensed
band while all downlink carriers are active.

#### 7.6E.2.2F In-band blocking for SL-U concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR SL-U operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.6E.2F shall apply for the NR sidelink reception in
the operating bands in Table 5.2E.2F-1 and the requirements specified in
clause 7.6.2 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in licensed band
while all downlink carriers are active.

### 7.6E.3 Out-of-band blocking

#### 7.6E.3.1 General

For NR V2X bands out-of-band band blocking is defined for an unwanted CW
interfering signal falling outside a frequency range 30 MHz below or
above the UE receive band. When UE is configured for NR V2X reception
non-concurrent with NR uplink transmissions for NR V2X operating bands
specified in Table 5.2E.1-1, the throughput of the wanted signal shall
be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels
as specified in Annexes A.7.2 with parameters specified in Table
7.6E.3.1-1 and Table 7.6E.3.1-2. The relative throughput requirement
shall be met for any SCS specified for the channel bandwidth of the
wanted signal.

For interferer frequencies across ranges 1, 2 and 3 in Table 7.6E.3.1-2,
a maximum of

exceptions are allowed for spurious response frequencies in each
assigned frequency channel when measured using a step size of MHz with
N~RB~ the number of resource blocks in the transmission bandwidth
configuration, BW~Channel~ the bandwidth of the frequency channel in MHz
and *n* = 1, 2, 3 for SCS = 15, 30, 60 kHz, respectively. For these
exceptions, the requirements in clause 7.7E.1 apply.

Table 7.6E.3.1-1: Out-of-band blocking parameters for NR V2X

+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| RX         | Units | Channel    |        |        |        |        |
| parameter  |       | bandwidth  |        |        |        |        |
+============+=======+============+========+========+========+========+
|            |       | 5 MHz^2^   | 10 MHz | 20 MHz | 30 MHz | 40 MHz |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| Power in   | dBm   | P~REF      |        |        |        |        |
| tr         |       | SENS\_V2X~ |        |        |        |        |
| ansmission |       | + channel  |        |        |        |        |
| bandwidth  |       | bandwidth  |        |        |        |        |
| con        |       | specific   |        |        |        |        |
| figuration |       | value      |        |        |        |        |
|            |       | below      |        |        |        |        |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
|            | dB    | 6          | 6      | 9      | 11     | 12     |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| NOTE 1:    |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| Reference  |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| m          |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| easurement |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| channel is |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| A.7.2.     |       |            |        |        |        |        |
|            |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| NOTE 2:    |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| The CBW is |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| only       |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| applicable |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| for PS UE  |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| in n14.    |       |            |        |        |        |        |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+

Table 7.6E.3.1-2: Out of-band blocking for NR V2X

+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
| NR band  | P        | Units | Range 1  | Range 2  | Range 3  |
|          | arameter |       |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+=======+==========+==========+==========+
| n14      | P~int    | dBm   | -44      | -30      | -15      |
|          | erferer~ |       |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | F~int    | MHz   | -60 \< f | -85 \< f | 1 ≤ f ≤  |
|          | erferer~ |       | --       | --       | F~       |
|          | (CW)     |       | F~       | F~       | DL\_low~ |
|          |          |       | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ | -- 85    |
|          |          |       | \< -15   | ≤ -60    |          |
|          |          |       |          |          | or       |
|          |          |       | or       | or       |          |
|          |          |       |          |          | F~D      |
|          |          |       | 15 \< f  | 60 ≤ f   | L\_high~ |
|          |          |       | --       | --       | + 85 ≤ f |
|          |          |       | F~D      | F~D      |          |
|          |          |       | L\_high~ | L\_high~ | ≤ 12750  |
|          |          |       | \< 60    | \< 85    |          |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
| n47      | P~int    | dBm   | -44      | -30      | -15      |
|          | erferer~ |       |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | F~int    | MHz   | F~       | F~       | F~       |
|          | erferer~ |       | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ |
|          | (CW)     |       | -30 to   | -60 to   | -85 to   |
|          |          |       |          |          |          |
|          |          |       | F~       | F~       | 1 MHz    |
|          |          |       | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ |          |
|          |          |       | -60      | -85      |          |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
|          |          |       | F~D      | F~D      | F~D      |
|          |          |       | L\_high~ | L\_high~ | L\_high~ |
|          |          |       | +30 to   | +60 to   | +85 to   |
|          |          |       |          |          |          |
|          |          |       | F~D      | F~D      | +12750   |
|          |          |       | L\_high~ | L\_high~ | MHz      |
|          |          |       | + 60     | +85      |          |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
| n38      | P~int    | dBm   | -44      | -30      | -15      |
|          | erferer~ |       |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | F~int    | MHz   | F~       | F~       | F~       |
|          | erferer~ |       | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ |
|          | (CW)     |       | -30 to   | -60 to   | -85 to   |
|          |          |       |          |          |          |
|          |          |       | F~       | F~       | 1 MHz    |
|          |          |       | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ |          |
|          |          |       | -60      | -85      |          |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |       |          |          |          |
| The      |          |       |          |          |          |
| power    |          |       |          |          |          |
| level of |          |       |          |          |          |
| the      |          |       |          |          |          |
| in       |          |       |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |       |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |       |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |       |          |          |          |
| for      |          |       |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |       |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |       |          |          |          |
| modified |          |       |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |       |          |          |          |
| dBm for  |          |       |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |       |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |       |          |          |          |
| \> 4400  |          |       |          |          |          |
| MHz.     |          |       |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+

#### 7.6E.3.1A Out-of-band blocking for Sidelink CA

For intra-band contiguous SL CA operation, the UE throughput shall be ≥
95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annex A.7.2 with parameters specified in Tables 7.6E.3.1A-1
and 7.6E.3.1A-2.

For interferer frequencies across ranges 1, 2 and 3 in Table
7.6E.3.1A-2, a maximum of

exceptions are allowed for spurious response frequencies in each
assigned frequency channel when measured using a step size of MHz with
*N~RB~* the number of resource blocks in the transmission bandwidth
configuration, BW~Channel~ the bandwidth of the frequency channel in MHz
and *n* = 1, 2, 3 for SCS = 15, 30, 60 kHz, respectively. For these
exceptions, the requirements in clause 7.7E.1A apply.

Table 7.6E.3.1A-1: Out-of-band blocking parameters for intra-band
contiguous SL CA UE

  Rx Parameter                                         Units   SL CA Bandwidth Class                                                  
  ---------------------------------------------------- ------- ------------------------------------------------------------- -- -- -- --
                                                               B                                                                      
  Pw in Transmission Bandwidth Configuration, per CC   dBm     P~REFSENS\_SL~ + SL CA Bandwidth Class specific value below            
                                                               9                                                                      

Table 7.6E.3.1A-2: Out of band blocking for intra-band contiguous SL CA
UE

+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
| NR SL    | P        | Units | F        |          |          |
|          | arameter |       | requency |          |          |
| CA band  |          |       |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+=======+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          |       | Range 1  | Range 2  | Range 3  |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | P~Int    | dBm   | -44      | -30      | -15      |
|          | erferer~ |       |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
| V2X\_47B | F~Int    | MHz   | -60 \< f | -85 \< f | 1 ≤ f ≤  |
|          | erferer~ |       | --       | --       | F~       |
|          | (CW)     |       | F~       | F~       | DL\_low~ |
|          |          |       | DL\_low~ | DL\_low~ | -- 85    |
|          |          |       | \< -30   | ≤ -60    |          |
|          |          |       |          |          | or       |
|          |          |       | or       | or       |          |
|          |          |       |          |          | F~D      |
|          |          |       | 30 \< f  | 60 ≤ f   | L\_high~ |
|          |          |       | --       | --       | + 85 ≤ f |
|          |          |       | F~D      | F~D      |          |
|          |          |       | L\_high~ | L\_high~ | ≤ 12750  |
|          |          |       | \< 60    | \< 85    |          |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |       |          |          |          |
| The      |          |       |          |          |          |
| power    |          |       |          |          |          |
| level of |          |       |          |          |          |
| the      |          |       |          |          |          |
| in       |          |       |          |          |          |
| terferer |          |       |          |          |          |
| (P~Inte  |          |       |          |          |          |
| rferer~) |          |       |          |          |          |
| for      |          |       |          |          |          |
| Range 3  |          |       |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |       |          |          |          |
| modified |          |       |          |          |          |
| to -20   |          |       |          |          |          |
| dBm for  |          |       |          |          |          |
| F~Int    |          |       |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |          |       |          |          |          |
| \> 6000  |          |       |          |          |          |
| MHz.     |          |       |          |          |          |
|          |          |       |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |       |          |          |          |
| The      |          |       |          |          |          |
| req      |          |       |          |          |          |
| uirement |          |       |          |          |          |
| is       |          |       |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |       |          |          |          |
| for      |          |       |          |          |          |
| multi    |          |       |          |          |          |
| -carrier |          |       |          |          |          |
| in       |          |       |          |          |          |
| tra-band |          |       |          |          |          |
| co       |          |       |          |          |          |
| ncurrent |          |       |          |          |          |
| re       |          |       |          |          |          |
| ceptions |          |       |          |          |          |
| when 2   |          |       |          |          |          |
| carrier  |          |       |          |          |          |
| trans    |          |       |          |          |          |
| missions |          |       |          |          |          |
| are      |          |       |          |          |          |
| a        |          |       |          |          |          |
| ctivated |          |       |          |          |          |
| at the   |          |       |          |          |          |
| same     |          |       |          |          |          |
| time.    |          |       |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+

#### 7.6E.3.2 Out-of-band blocking for V2X concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR V2X operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.6E.3.1 shall apply for the NR sidelink reception
in Band n47 and the requirements specified in clause 7.6.3 shall apply
for the NR downlink reception in licensed band while all downlink
carriers are active.

#### 7.6E.3.2F Out-of-band blocking for SL-U concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR SL-U operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.6E.3F shall apply for the NR sidelink reception in
the operating bands in Table 5.2E.2F-1 and the requirements specified in
clause 7.6.3 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in licensed band
while all downlink carriers are active.

### 7.6E.3F Out-of-band blocking for Sidelink Unlicensed

Out-of-band band blocking is defined for an unwanted CW interfering
signal falling outside a frequency range 60 MHz or greater below or
above the UE receive band. The throughput of the wanted signal shall be
≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annex 7.2 with parameters specified in Table 7.6F.3.1-1 and
Table 7.6F.3.1-2. The relative throughput requirement shall be met for
any SCS specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted signal.

7.6F Blocking characteristics for shared spectrum channel access
----------------------------------------------------------------

### 7.6F.1 General

The blocking characteristic is a measure of the receiver\'s ability to
receive a wanted signal at its assigned channel frequency in the
presence of an unwanted interferer on frequencies other than those of
the spurious response or the adjacent channels, without this unwanted
input signal causing a degradation of the performance of the receiver
beyond a specified limit. The blocking performance shall apply at all
frequencies except those at which a spurious response occurs.

### 7.6F.2 In-band blocking

#### 7.6F.2.1 General

In-band blocking (IBB) is defined for an unwanted interfering signal
falling into the UE receive band or into the first 60 MHz below or above
the UE receive band. The throughput of the wanted signal shall be ≥ 95 %
of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2 and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG
Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described in Annex
A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters specified in Table 7.6F.2.1-1 and Table
7.6F.2.1-2. The relative throughput requirement shall be met for any SCS
specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted signal.

Table 7.6F.2.1-1: In-band blocking parameters for shared access bands

  **RX parameter**                                **Units**   **Channel bandwidth**
  ----------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------------------------------------------
                                                              **20, 40, 60, 80, 100 MHz**
  Power in transmission bandwidth configuration   dBm         REFSENS + 9 dB + 10log~10~(BW~Channel~ /20) dB
  BW~interferer~                                  MHz         20
  F~Ioffset,\ case\ 1~                            MHz         30
  F~Ioffset,\ case\ 2~                            MHz         ≥ 50

Table 7.6F.2.1-2: In-band blocking for shared access bands

+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| Operating    | Parameter    | Unit | Case 1       | Case 2       |
| band         |              |      |              |              |
+==============+==============+======+==============+==============+
|              | P            | dBm  | -56          | -44          |
|              | ~interferer~ |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              | F            | MHz  | -CBW/2 --    | ≤ -CBW/2 --  |
|              | ~interferer~ |      |              |              |
|              | (offset)     |      | F~Ioffse     | F~Ioffse     |
|              |              |      | t,\ case\ 1~ | t,\ case\ 2~ |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | and          | and          |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | CBW/2 +      | ≥ CBW/2 +    |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      | F~Ioffse     | F~Ioffse     |
|              |              |      | t,\ case\ 1~ | t,\ case\ 2~ |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| n46, n96,    | F            |      | NOTE 2       | F~DL\_low~   |
| n102         | ~interferer~ |      |              | -- 3\*CBW    |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | to           |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | F~DL\_high~  |
|              |              |      |              | + 3\*CBW,    |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | NOTE 4       |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: The  |              |      |              |              |
| absolute     |              |      |              |              |
| value of the |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| offset       |              |      |              |              |
| Finterferer  |              |      |              |              |
| (offset)     |              |      |              |              |
| shall be     |              |      |              |              |
| further      |              |      |              |              |
| adjusted to  |              |      |              |              |
| MHz with SCS |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| sub-carrier  |              |      |              |              |
| spacing of   |              |      |              |              |
| the wanted   |              |      |              |              |
| signal in    |              |      |              |              |
| MHz. The     |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| is an NR     |              |      |              |              |
| signal with  |              |      |              |              |
| an SCS equal |              |      |              |              |
| to that of   |              |      |              |              |
| the wanted   |              |      |              |              |
| signal.      |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 2: For  |              |      |              |              |
| each carrier |              |      |              |              |
| frequency,   |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| requirement  |              |      |              |              |
| applies for  |              |      |              |              |
| two          |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| carrier      |              |      |              |              |
| frequencies: |              |      |              |              |
| a: -CBW/2 -- |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffset    |              |      |              |              |
| ,\ case\ 1~; |              |      |              |              |
| b: CBW/2 +   |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffse     |              |      |              |              |
| t,\ case\ 1~ |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 3: CBW  |              |      |              |              |
| denotes the  |              |      |              |              |
| channel      |              |      |              |              |
| bandwidth of |              |      |              |              |
| the wanted   |              |      |              |              |
| signal       |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 4:      |              |      |              |              |
| Interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| carrier      |              |      |              |              |
| frequencies  |              |      |              |              |
| in the       |              |      |              |              |
| frequency    |              |      |              |              |
| range for    |              |      |              |              |
| Case 2 shall |              |      |              |              |
| be located   |              |      |              |              |
| at discrete  |              |      |              |              |
| frequencies  |              |      |              |              |
| in integer   |              |      |              |              |
| multiples of |              |      |              |              |
| 20 MHz       |              |      |              |              |
| offset from  |              |      |              |              |
| -CBW/2 --    |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffse     |              |      |              |              |
| t,\ case\ 2~ |              |      |              |              |
| and CBW/2 +  |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffse     |              |      |              |              |
| t,\ case\ 2~ |              |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+

#### 7.6F.2.2 Void

### 7.6F.2A In-band blocking for shared spectrum CA

#### 7.6F.2A.1 Intra-band contiguous shared spectrum channel access CA

In-band blocking for intra-band contiguous shared access CA requirements
are specified in Table 7.6F.2A.1-1. These requirements apply for any SCS
specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted signal. For the test
parameters specified in Table 7.6F.2A.1-2, the throughput of each
carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the reference
measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2, and A.3.3
(with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as
described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

Table 7.6F.2A.1-1: In-band blocking parameters for intra-band contiguous
shared access CA

+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Rx Parameter                | Units | Shared access CA bandwidth  |
|                             |       | class                       |
+=============================+=======+=============================+
|                             |       | B, C, D, E, M, N, O         |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Pw in Transmission          | dBm   | REFSENS + aggregated        |
| Bandwidth Configuration,    |       | channel bandwidth value     |
| per CC                      |       | below                       |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
|                             | dB    | 9 +                         |
|                             |       | 10                          |
|                             |       | log~10~(BW~Channel\_CA~/20) |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **BW~Interferer\ ~**        | MHz   | 20                          |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **F~Ioffset,\ case\ 1\ ~**  | MHz   | 30                          |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| **F~Ioffset,\ case\ 2\ ~**  | MHz   | ≥ 50                        |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The transmitter     |       |                             |
| shall be set to 4dB below   |       |                             |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the       |       |                             |
| minimum UL configuration    |       |                             |
| specified in Table 7.3.2-3  |       |                             |
| with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined |       |                             |
| in clause 6.2.4.            |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 2: The interferer      |       |                             |
| consists of the Reference   |       |                             |
| measurement channel         |       |                             |
| specified in Annexes A.3.2  |       |                             |
| and A.3.3 with one sided    |       |                             |
| dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1   |       |                             |
| FDD/TDD as described in     |       |                             |
| Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1 and   |       |                             |
| set-up according to Annex   |       |                             |
| C.3.1                       |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+

Table 7.6F.2A.1-2: In-band blocking for intra-band contiguous shared
access CA

+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| Operating    | Parameter    | Unit | Case 1       | Case 2       |
| band         |              |      |              |              |
+==============+==============+======+==============+==============+
|              | P            | dBm  | -56          | -44          |
|              | ~interferer~ |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
|              | F            | MHz  | -BW~ch       | ≤            |
|              | ~interferer~ |      | annel\ CA~/2 | -BW~ch       |
|              | (offset)     |      | --F~Ioffse   | annel\ CA~/2 |
|              |              |      | t,\ case\ 1~ | --F~Ioffse   |
|              |              |      |              | t,\ case\ 2~ |
|              |              |      | and          |              |
|              |              |      |              | and          |
|              |              |      | BW~ch        |              |
|              |              |      | annel\ CA~/2 | ≥            |
|              |              |      | +F~Ioffse    | BW~ch        |
|              |              |      | t,\ case\ 1~ | annel\ CA~/2 |
|              |              |      |              | +F~Ioffse    |
|              |              |      |              | t,\ case\ 2~ |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| n46          | F            | MHz  | NOTE 2       | F~DL\_low~   |
|              | ~interferer~ |      |              | -- 3\*       |
|              |              |      |              | BW~          |
|              |              |      |              | channel\ CA~ |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | to           |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | F~DL\_high~  |
|              |              |      |              | + 3\*        |
|              |              |      |              | BW~          |
|              |              |      |              | channel\ CA~ |
|              |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              | NOTE 4       |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: The  |              |      |              |              |
| absolute     |              |      |              |              |
| value of the |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| offset       |              |      |              |              |
| Finterferer  |              |      |              |              |
| (offset)     |              |      |              |              |
| shall be     |              |      |              |              |
| further      |              |      |              |              |
| adjusted to  |              |      |              |              |
| MHz with SCS |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| sub-carrier  |              |      |              |              |
| spacing of   |              |      |              |              |
| the carrier  |              |      |              |              |
| closest to   |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| in MHz. The  |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| is an NR     |              |      |              |              |
| signal with  |              |      |              |              |
| an SCS equal |              |      |              |              |
| to that of   |              |      |              |              |
| the closest  |              |      |              |              |
| carrier.     |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 2: For  |              |      |              |              |
| each carrier |              |      |              |              |
| frequency,   |              |      |              |              |
| the          |              |      |              |              |
| requirement  |              |      |              |              |
| applies for  |              |      |              |              |
| two          |              |      |              |              |
| interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| carrier      |              |      |              |              |
| frequencies: |              |      |              |              |
| a:           |              |      |              |              |
| -BW~ch       |              |      |              |              |
| annel\ CA~/2 |              |      |              |              |
| --           |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffset    |              |      |              |              |
| ,\ case\ 1~; |              |      |              |              |
| b:           |              |      |              |              |
| BW~ch        |              |      |              |              |
| annel\ CA~/2 |              |      |              |              |
| +            |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffse     |              |      |              |              |
| t,\ case\ 1~ |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 3:      |              |      |              |              |
| BW~          |              |      |              |              |
| channel\ CA~ |              |      |              |              |
| denotes the  |              |      |              |              |
| aggregated   |              |      |              |              |
| channel      |              |      |              |              |
| bandwidth of |              |      |              |              |
| the wanted   |              |      |              |              |
| signal       |              |      |              |              |
|              |              |      |              |              |
| NOTE 4:      |              |      |              |              |
| Interferer   |              |      |              |              |
| carrier      |              |      |              |              |
| frequencies  |              |      |              |              |
| in the       |              |      |              |              |
| frequency    |              |      |              |              |
| range for    |              |      |              |              |
| Case 2 shall |              |      |              |              |
| be located   |              |      |              |              |
| at discrete  |              |      |              |              |
| frequencies  |              |      |              |              |
| in integer   |              |      |              |              |
| multiples of |              |      |              |              |
| 20 MHz       |              |      |              |              |
| offset from  |              |      |              |              |
| -            |              |      |              |              |
| BW~          |              |      |              |              |
| channel\ CA~ |              |      |              |              |
| /2 --        |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffse     |              |      |              |              |
| t,\ case\ 2~ |              |      |              |              |
| and          |              |      |              |              |
| BW~          |              |      |              |              |
| channel\ CA~ |              |      |              |              |
| /2 +         |              |      |              |              |
| F~Ioffse     |              |      |              |              |
| t,\ case\ 2~ |              |      |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+------+--------------+--------------+

### 7.6F.3 Out-of-band blocking

#### 7.6F.3.1 General

Out-of-band band blocking is defined for an unwanted CW interfering
signal falling outside a frequency range 60 MHz or greater below or
above the UE receive band. The throughput of the wanted signal shall be
≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2 and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG
Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described in Annex
A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters specified in Table 7.6F.3.1-1 and Table
7.6F.3.1-2. The relative throughput requirement shall be met for any SCS
specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted signal.

Table 7.6F.3.1-1: Out-of-band blocking parameters for shared access
bands

  **RX parameter**                                                                                                                                                            **Units**   **Channel bandwidth**
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                          **20, 40, 60, 80, 100 MHz**
  Power in transmission bandwidth configuration                                                                                                                               dBm         REFSENS + 9 dB
  NOTE 1: The transmitter shall be set to 4 dB below P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the minimum UL configuration specified in Table 7.3.2-3 with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined in clause 6.2.4.               

Table 7.6F.3.1-2: Out of-band blocking for shared access bands

+-----------+-----------+------+--------+-----------+-----------+
| Operating | Parameter | Unit | Range1 | Range 2   | Range 3   |
| band      |           |      |        |           |           |
+===========+===========+======+========+===========+===========+
|           | P~in      | dBm  | -44    | -30       | -15       |
|           | terferer~ |      |        |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+------+--------+-----------+-----------+
| n46, n96  | F~in      | MHz  | N/A    | -200 \< f | 1 ≤ f ≤   |
|           | terferer~ |      |        | --        | F         |
|           | (CW)      |      |        | F         | ~DL\_low~ |
|           |           |      |        | ~DL\_low~ | --        |
|           |           |      |        | ≤ -3\*CBW | MAX(20    |
|           |           |      |        |           | 0,3\*CBW) |
|           |           |      |        | or        |           |
|           |           |      |        |           | or        |
|           |           |      |        | 3\*CBW ≤  |           |
|           |           |      |        | f --      | F~        |
|           |           |      |        | F~        | DL\_high~ |
|           |           |      |        | DL\_high~ | +         |
|           |           |      |        | \< 200    | MAX(20    |
|           |           |      |        |           | 0,3\*CBW) |
|           |           |      |        |           |           |
|           |           |      |        |           | ≤ f ≤     |
|           |           |      |        |           | 12750     |
+-----------+-----------+------+--------+-----------+-----------+
| n102      | F~in      | MHz  | N/A    | -200 \< f | 1 ≤ f ≤   |
|           | terferer~ |      |        | --        | F         |
|           | (CW)      |      |        | F         | ~DL\_low~ |
|           |           |      |        | ~DL\_low~ | --        |
|           |           |      |        | ≤ -3\*CBW | MAX(20    |
|           |           |      |        |           | 0,3\*CBW) |
|           |           |      |        | or        |           |
|           |           |      |        |           | or        |
|           |           |      |        | F~        |           |
|           |           |      |        | DL\_high~ | 7125 +    |
|           |           |      |        | +         | MAX(37    |
|           |           |      |        | MAX(20    | 5,3\*CBW) |
|           |           |      |        | 0,3\*CBW) | ≤ f ≤     |
|           |           |      |        | ≤ f \<    | 12750     |
|           |           |      |        | 7125 +    |           |
|           |           |      |        | MAX(37    |           |
|           |           |      |        | 5,3\*CBW) |           |
+-----------+-----------+------+--------+-----------+-----------+
| NOTE 1:   |           |      |        |           |           |
| The power |           |      |        |           |           |
| level of  |           |      |        |           |           |
| the       |           |      |        |           |           |
| i         |           |      |        |           |           |
| nterferer |           |      |        |           |           |
| (P~Int    |           |      |        |           |           |
| erferer~) |           |      |        |           |           |
| for Range |           |      |        |           |           |
| 3 shall   |           |      |        |           |           |
| be        |           |      |        |           |           |
| modified  |           |      |        |           |           |
| to -20    |           |      |        |           |           |
| dBm for   |           |      |        |           |           |
| F~In      |           |      |        |           |           |
| terferer~ |           |      |        |           |           |
| \> 4200   |           |      |        |           |           |
| MHz.      |           |      |        |           |           |
|           |           |      |        |           |           |
| NOTE 2:   |           |      |        |           |           |
| CBW       |           |      |        |           |           |
| denotes   |           |      |        |           |           |
| the       |           |      |        |           |           |
| channel   |           |      |        |           |           |
| bandwidth |           |      |        |           |           |
| of the    |           |      |        |           |           |
| wanted    |           |      |        |           |           |
| signal    |           |      |        |           |           |
|           |           |      |        |           |           |
| NOTE 3:   |           |      |        |           |           |
| For band  |           |      |        |           |           |
| n102, the |           |      |        |           |           |
| power     |           |      |        |           |           |
| level of  |           |      |        |           |           |
| the       |           |      |        |           |           |
| i         |           |      |        |           |           |
| nterferer |           |      |        |           |           |
| (P~Int    |           |      |        |           |           |
| erferer~) |           |      |        |           |           |
| for Range |           |      |        |           |           |
| 2 shall   |           |      |        |           |           |
| be        |           |      |        |           |           |
| modified  |           |      |        |           |           |
| to -33dBm |           |      |        |           |           |
| for the   |           |      |        |           |           |
| range     |           |      |        |           |           |
| F~        |           |      |        |           |           |
| DL\_high~ |           |      |        |           |           |
| +         |           |      |        |           |           |
| MAX(20    |           |      |        |           |           |
| 0,3\*CBW) |           |      |        |           |           |
| ≤ f \<    |           |      |        |           |           |
| 7125 +    |           |      |        |           |           |
| MAX(375   |           |      |        |           |           |
| ,3\*CBW). |           |      |        |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+------+--------+-----------+-----------+

For interferer frequencies across ranges 1, 2 and 3 in Table 7.6F.3.1-2,
a maximum of

exceptions are allowed for spurious response frequencies in each
assigned frequency channel when measured using a step size of MHz
withthe number of resource blocks in the downlink transmission bandwidth
configuration, *CBW* the bandwidth of the frequency channel in MHz and
*n* = 1, 2, 3 for SCS = 15, 30, 60 kHz, respectively. For these
exceptions, the requirements in clause 7.7F apply.

#### 7.6F.3.2 Void

### 7.6F.3A Out-of-band blocking for shared spectrum CA

#### 7.6F.3A.1 Intra-band contiguous shared spectrum channel access CA

Out-of-band blocking for intra-band contiguous shared access CA
requirements are specified in Table 7.6F.3A.1-1. These requirements
apply for any SCS specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted
signal. For the test parameters specified in Table 7.6F.3A.1-2, the
throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of
the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2,
and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

Table 7.6F.3A.1-1: Out-of-band blocking parameters for intra-band
contiguous shared access CA

  Rx Parameter                                                                                                                                                                Units   Shared access CA bandwidth class
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------- ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                      B, C, D, E, M, N, O
  Pw in Transmission Bandwidth Configuration, per CC                                                                                                                          dBm     REFSENS + CA bandwidth class specific value below
                                                                                                                                                                              dB      9
  NOTE 1: The transmitter shall be set to 4dB below P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the minimum UL configuration specified in Table 7.3F.2-3 with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined in clause 6.2.4.           

Table 7.6F.3A.1-2: Out of-band blocking for intra-band contiguous CA

+-----------+-----------+------+--------+-----------+-----------+
| Operating | Parameter | Unit | Range1 | Range 2   | Range 3   |
| band      |           |      |        |           |           |
+===========+===========+======+========+===========+===========+
|           | P~in      | dBm  | -45    | -30       | -15       |
|           | terferer~ |      |        |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+------+--------+-----------+-----------+
| n46       | F~in      | MHz  | N/A    | -200 \< f | 1 ≤ f ≤   |
|           | terferer~ |      |        | --        | F         |
|           | (CW)      |      |        | F         | ~DL\_low~ |
|           |           |      |        | ~DL\_low~ | --        |
|           |           |      |        | ≤         | MAX(200,3 |
|           |           |      |        | -         | \*BW~Chan |
|           |           |      |        | 3\*BW~Cha | nel\_CA~) |
|           |           |      |        | nnel\_CA~ |           |
|           |           |      |        |           | or        |
|           |           |      |        | or        |           |
|           |           |      |        |           | F~        |
|           |           |      |        | 3\*BW~Cha | DL\_high~ |
|           |           |      |        | nnel\_CA~ | +         |
|           |           |      |        | ≤ f --    | MAX(200,3 |
|           |           |      |        | F~        | \*BW~Chan |
|           |           |      |        | DL\_high~ | nel\_CA~) |
|           |           |      |        | \< 200    |           |
|           |           |      |        |           | ≤ f ≤     |
|           |           |      |        |           | 12750     |
+-----------+-----------+------+--------+-----------+-----------+
| NOTE 1:   |           |      |        |           |           |
| The power |           |      |        |           |           |
| level of  |           |      |        |           |           |
| the       |           |      |        |           |           |
| i         |           |      |        |           |           |
| nterferer |           |      |        |           |           |
| (P~Int    |           |      |        |           |           |
| erferer~) |           |      |        |           |           |
| for Range |           |      |        |           |           |
| 3 shall   |           |      |        |           |           |
| be        |           |      |        |           |           |
| modified  |           |      |        |           |           |
| to -20    |           |      |        |           |           |
| dBm, for  |           |      |        |           |           |
| F~In      |           |      |        |           |           |
| terferer~ |           |      |        |           |           |
| \> 4200   |           |      |        |           |           |
| MHz.      |           |      |        |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+------+--------+-----------+-----------+

7.6G (Reserved)
---------------

7.6H (Reserved)
---------------

7.6I (Reserved)
---------------

7.6J Blocking characteristics for ATG
-------------------------------------

### 7.6J.1 General

The blocking characteristic is a measure of the receiver\'s ability to
receive a wanted signal at its assigned channel frequency in the
presence of an unwanted interferer on frequencies other than those of
the spurious response or the adjacent channels, without this unwanted
input signal causing a degradation of the performance of the receiver
beyond a specified limit. The blocking performance shall apply at all
frequencies except those at which a spurious response occurs.

### 7.6J.2 In-band blocking for ATG

For ATG UE, the in-band blocking requirement defined in clause 7.6.2
applies.

### 7.6J.3 Out-of-band blocking for ATG

For ATG UE, the out-of-band blocking requirement defined in clause 7.6.3
applies.

NOTE: In 3GPP, the ATG UE out-of-band blocking specification is defined
to ensure the telecommunication link and there may be other sources of
interference and regulatory issues that need to be considered when
designing ATG UE, i.e. avionic equipment.

7.6K (Reserved)
---------------

7.6L (Reserved)
---------------

7.7 Spurious response
---------------------

Spurious response is a measure of the ability of the receiver to receive
a wanted signal on its assigned channel frequency without exceeding a
given degradation due to the presence of an unwanted CW interfering
signal at any other frequency for which a response is obtained, i.e. for
which the out-of-band blocking limit as specified in clause 7.6.3 is not
met.

The throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2 and
A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters for the
wanted signal as specified in Table 7.7-1 for NR bands with F~DL\_high~
\< 2700 MHz and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz and in Table 7.7-1a for NR bands
with F~DL\_high~ ≥ 3300 MHz and F~UL\_high~ ≥ 3300 MHz and for the
interferer as specified in Table 7.7-2. The relative throughput
requirement shall be met for any SCS specified for the channel bandwidth
of the wanted signal. For operating bands with an unpaired DL part (as
noted in Table 5.2-1), the requirements only apply for carriers assigned
in the paired part.

Table 7.7-1: Spurious response parameters for NR bands with
F**~DL\_high~** \< 2700 MHz and F**~UL\_high~** \< 2700 MHz

+---------------+-------+---------------+-----------+---------------+
| RX parameter  | Units | Channel       |           |               |
|               |       | bandwidth     |           |               |
|               |       | (MHz)         |           |               |
+===============+=======+===============+===========+===============+
|               |       | 3, 5, 10      | 15        | 20, 25, 30,   |
|               |       |               |           | 35, 40, 45,   |
|               |       |               |           | 50, 60, 70,   |
|               |       |               |           | 80, 90, 100   |
+---------------+-------+---------------+-----------+---------------+
| Power in      | dBm   | REFSENS + 6   | REFSENS + | REFSENS + (9  |
| transmission  |       | dB            |           | +             |
| bandwidth     |       |               | 7 dB      | 10log~10      |
| con           |       |               |           | ~(BW~Channel~ |
| figuration^2^ |       |               |           | /20)) dB      |
+---------------+-------+---------------+-----------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: The   |       |               |           |               |
| transmitter   |       |               |           |               |
| shall be set  |       |               |           |               |
| to 4 dB below |       |               |           |               |
| P             |       |               |           |               |
| ~CMAX\_L,f,c~ |       |               |           |               |
| at the        |       |               |           |               |
| minimum UL    |       |               |           |               |
| configuration |       |               |           |               |
| specified in  |       |               |           |               |
| Table 7.3.2-3 |       |               |           |               |
| with          |       |               |           |               |
| P             |       |               |           |               |
| ~CMAX\_L,f,c~ |       |               |           |               |
| defined in    |       |               |           |               |
| clause 6.2.4. |       |               |           |               |
|               |       |               |           |               |
| NOTE 2:       |       |               |           |               |
| 10log~10~(x)  |       |               |           |               |
| is rounded to |       |               |           |               |
| the next      |       |               |           |               |
| higher 0.5dB  |       |               |           |               |
| value.        |       |               |           |               |
+---------------+-------+---------------+-----------+---------------+

Table 7.7.1-1a: Spurious response parameters for NR bands with
F**~DL\_low~** ≥ 3300 MHz and F**~UL\_low~** ≥ 3300 MHz

  RX parameter                                                                                                                                                                Units   Channel bandwidth (MHz)                    
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------- ------------------------- ---------------- -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                      10                        15               20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100
  Power in transmission bandwidth configuration                                                                                                                               dBm     REFSENS + 6 dB            REFSENS + 7 dB   REFSENS + 9 dB
  NOTE 1: The transmitter shall be set to 4 dB below P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the minimum UL configuration specified in Table 7.3.2-3 with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined in clause 6.2.4.                                                      

Table 7.7-2: Spurious response

  -------------------- ------ -------------------------------
  Parameter            Unit   Level
  P~Interferer~ (CW)   dBm    -44
  F~Interferer~        MHz    Spurious response frequencies
  -------------------- ------ -------------------------------

7.7A Spurious response for CA
-----------------------------

### 7.7A.1 Spurious response for Intra-band contiguous CA

Table 7.7A-1: Spurious response parameters for intra-band contiguous CA

  RX parameter                                                                                                                                                                Units   NR CA bandwidth class                                       
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------- --------------------------------------------------- --- --- --
                                                                                                                                                                                      B                                                   C   D   
  Power in transmission bandwidth configuration                                                                                                                               dBm     REFSENS + CA bandwidth class specific value below           
                                                                                                                                                                              dB      9                                                   9   9   
  NOTE 1: The transmitter shall be set to 4 dB below P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the minimum UL configuration specified in Table 7.3.2-3 with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined in clause 6.2.4.                                                                       

Table 7.7A-2: Spurious response for CA

  -------------------- ------ -------------------------------
  Parameter            Unit   Level
  P~Interferer~ (CW)   dBm    -44
  F~Interferer~        MHz    Spurious response frequencies
  -------------------- ------ -------------------------------

Table 7.7A-3: Void

Table 7.7A-4: Void

### 7.7A.2 Spurious response for Intra-band non-contiguous CA

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation with one uplink
carrier and two or more downlink sub-blocks, the spurious response
requirements are defined with the uplink configuration in accordance
with Table 7.3A.2.2-1. For this uplink configuration, the UE shall meet
the requirements for each sub-block as specified in clauses 7.7 and
7.7A.1 for one component carrier and two component carriers per
sub-block, respectively. The requirements apply with all downlink
carriers active.

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

### 7.7A.3 Spurious response for Inter-band CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation with one component carrier per
operating band and the uplink assigned to one NR band, the spurious
response are defined with the uplink active on the band(s) other than
the band whose downlink is being tested. The UE shall meet the
requirements specified in clause 7.7 for each component carrier while
all downlink carriers are active.

For the UE which supports inter-band CA configuration in Table
7.3A.3.2.1-1, P~interferer~ power defined in Table 7.7-2 and Table
7.7F.1-2 for shared spectrum channel access is increased by the amount
given by ΔR~IB,c~ in Table 7.3A.3.2.1-1 and in Table 7.3F.3-1 for shared
spectrum channel access .

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

7.7B Spurious response for NR-DC
--------------------------------

For inter-band NR-DC configurations, the spurious response for the
corresponding inter-band CA configuration as specified in clause 7.7A
applies.

7.7D Spurious response for UL MIMO
----------------------------------

For UE with two or four transmitter antenna connectors in closed-loop
spatial multiplexing scheme, the minimum requirements specified in
clause 7.7 shall be met with the UL MIMO configurations described in
clause 6.2D.1 and in clause 6.2F.1D for shared spectrum access
operation. For UL MIMO, the parameter P~CMAX\_L~ is defined as the total
transmitter power over all transmit antenna connectors.

7.7E Spurious response for V2X
------------------------------

### 7.7E.1 General

Spurious response is a measure of the receiver's ability to receive a
wanted signal on its assigned channel frequency without exceeding a
given degradation due to the presence of an unwanted CW interfering
signal at any other frequency for which a response is obtained, i.e. for
which the out-of-band blocking limit as specified in clause 7.6E.3.1 is
not met.

When UE is configured for NR V2X reception non-concurrent with NR uplink
transmissions for NR V2X operating bands specified in Table 5.2E.1-1,
the throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.7.2 with
parameters for the wanted signal as specified in Table 7.7E.1-1 and
Table 7.7E.1-2 for NR V2X bands. The relative throughput requirement
shall be met for any SCS specified for the channel bandwidth of the
wanted signal.

Table 7.7E.1-1: Spurious response parameters for NR V2X

+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| RX         | Units | Channel    |        |        |        |        |
| parameter  |       | bandwidth  |        |        |        |        |
+============+=======+============+========+========+========+========+
|            |       | 5 MHz^2^   | 10 MHz | 20 MHz | 30 MHz | 40 MHz |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| Power in   | dBm   | P~REF      |        |        |        |        |
| tr         |       | SENS\_V2X~ |        |        |        |        |
| ansmission |       | + channel  |        |        |        |        |
| bandwidth  |       | bandwidth  |        |        |        |        |
| con        |       | specific   |        |        |        |        |
| figuration |       | value      |        |        |        |        |
|            |       | below      |        |        |        |        |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
|            | dB    | 6          | 6      | 9      | 11     | 12     |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+
| NOTE 1:    |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| Reference  |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| m          |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| easurement |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| channel is |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| A.7.2      |       |            |        |        |        |        |
|            |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| NOTE 2:    |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| The CBW is |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| only       |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| applicable |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| for PS UE  |       |            |        |        |        |        |
| in n14.    |       |            |        |        |        |        |
+------------+-------+------------+--------+--------+--------+--------+

Table 7.7E.1-2: Spurious response for NR V2X

  -------------------- ------ -------------------------------
  Parameter            Unit   Level
  P~Interferer~ (CW)   dBm    -44
  F~Interferer~        MHz    Spurious response frequencies
  -------------------- ------ -------------------------------

### 7.7E.1A Spurious response requirements for Sidelink CA

For intra-band contiguous SL CA operation, the UE throughput shall be ≥
95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annex A.7.2 with parameters specified in Table 7.7E.1A-1
and Table 7.7E.1A-2.

Table 7.7E.1A-1: Spurious response parameters for intra-band contiguous
SL CA UE

+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
| Rx Parameter         | Units | SL CA Bandwidth      |   |   |   |   |
|                      |       | Class                |   |   |   |   |
+======================+=======+======================+===+===+===+===+
|                      |       | B                    |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
| Pw in Transmission   | dBm   | P~REFSENS\_SL~ + SL  |   |   |   |   |
| Bandwidth            |       | CA Bandwidth Class   |   |   |   |   |
| Configuration, per   |       | specific value below |   |   |   |   |
| CC                   |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
|                      |       | 9                    |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
| NOTE 1: The          |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| requirement is       |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| applied for          |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| multi-carrier        |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| intra-band           |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| concurrent           |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| receptions when 2    |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| carrier              |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| transmissions are    |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| activated at the     |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| same time.           |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
|                      |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| NOTE 2: Reference    |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| measurement channel  |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| is A.7.2             |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+

Tables 7.7E.1A-2: Spurious response for intra-band contiguous SL CA UE

+------------------------------+------+------------------------------+
| Parameter                    | Unit | Level                        |
+------------------------------+------+------------------------------+
| P~Interferer~                | dBm  | -44                          |
|                              |      |                              |
| (CW)                         |      |                              |
+------------------------------+------+------------------------------+
| F~Interferer~                | MHz  | Spurious response            |
|                              |      | frequencies                  |
+------------------------------+------+------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The requirement is   |      |                              |
| applied for multi-carrier    |      |                              |
| intra-band concurrent        |      |                              |
| receptions when 2 carrier    |      |                              |
| transmissions are activated  |      |                              |
| at the same time.            |      |                              |
+------------------------------+------+------------------------------+

### 7.7E.1F General requirement for Sidelink Unlicensed

The spurious response requirement in clause 7.7F.1 apply.

For spurious responses, the throughput of the wanted signal shall be ≥
95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annex 7.2

### 7.7E.2 Spurious response for V2X concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR V2X operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.7E.1 shall apply for the NR sidelink reception in
the operating bands in Table 5.2E.2-1 and the requirements specified in
clause 7.7 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in licensed band
while all downlink carriers are active.

### 7.7E.2F Spurious response for SL-U concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR SL-U operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.7E.1F shall apply for the NR sidelink reception in
the operating bands in Table 5.2E.2F-1 and the requirements specified in
clause 7.7 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in licensed band
while all downlink carriers are active.

7.7F Spurious response for shared spectrum channel access
---------------------------------------------------------

### 7.7F.1 General

For spurious responses, the throughput of the wanted signal shall be ≥
95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2 and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG
Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described in Annex
A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters specified in Table 7.7F.1-1 and Table
7.7F.1-2. The relative throughput requirement shall be met for any SCS
at any other frequency at which a response is obtained i.e. for which
the limit as specified in clause 7.6F.3.1 is not met.

Table 7.7F.1-1: Spurious response parameters for shared access bands

  **RX parameter**                                                                                                                                                            **Units**   **Channel bandwidth**
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------- -----------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                          **20, 40, 60, 80, 100 MHz**
  Power in transmission bandwidth configuration                                                                                                                               dBm         REFSENS + 9 dB
  NOTE 1: The transmitter shall be set to 4 dB below P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the minimum UL configuration specified in Table 7.3.2-3 with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined in clause 6.2.4.               

Table 7.7F.1-2: Spurious response for shared spectrum channel access

  -------------------- ------ -------------------------------
  Parameter            Unit   Level
  P~Interferer~ (CW)   dBm    -44
  F~Interferer~        MHz    Spurious response frequencies
  -------------------- ------ -------------------------------

### 7.7F.1A Spurious response for shared spectrum channel access CA

#### 7.7F.1A.1 Intra-band contiguous shared spectrum channel access CA

For spurious responses, the throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95 %
of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic
OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the DL-signal as described in Annex
A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters specified in Table 7.7F.1A.1-1 and
Table 7.7F.1A.1-2. The relative throughput requirement shall be met for
any SCS at any other frequency at which a response is obtained i.e. for
which the limit as specified in clause 7.6F.3.2 is not met.

Table 7.7F.1A.1-1: Spurious response parameters for intra-band
contiguous shared access CA

  Rx Parameter                                                                                                                                                                Units   Shared access CA bandwidth class
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------- ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                      B, C, D, E, I, M, N,O
  Pw in Transmission Bandwidth Configuration, per CC                                                                                                                          dBm     REFSENS + CA bandwidth class specific value below
                                                                                                                                                                              dB      9
  NOTE 1: The transmitter shall be set to 4dB below P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the minimum UL configuration specified in Table 7.3F.2-3 with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined in clause 6.2.4.           

Table 7.7F.1A.1-2: Spurious response for intra-band contiguous shared
access CA

  -------------------- ------ -------------------------------
  Parameter            Unit   Level
  P~Interferer~ (CW)   dBm    -44
  F~Interferer~        MHz    Spurious response frequencies
  -------------------- ------ -------------------------------

### 7.7F.2 Void

7.7G (Reserved)
---------------

7.7H (Reserved)
---------------

7.7I (Reserved)
---------------

7.7J Spurious response for ATG
------------------------------

For ATG UE, the spurious response defined in clause 7.7 applies.

7.7K (Reserved)
---------------

7.7L (Reserved)
---------------

7.8 Intermodulation characteristics
-----------------------------------

### 7.8.1 General

Intermodulation response rejection is a measure of the capability of the
receiver to receive a wanted signal on its assigned channel frequency in
the presence of two or more interfering signals which have a specific
frequency relationship to the wanted signal

### 7.8.2 Wide band Intermodulation

The wide band intermodulation requirement is defined using a CW carrier
and modulated NR signal as interferer 1 and interferer 2 respectively.

The throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2 and
A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for the
DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters
specified in Table 7.8.2-1 for NR bands with F~DL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz and
F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz and Table 7.8.2-2 for NR bands with F~DL\_low~ ≥
3300 MHz and F~UL\_low~ ≥ 3300 MHz. The relative throughput requirement
shall be met for any SCS specified for the channel bandwidth of the
wanted signal. For operating bands with an unpaired DL part (as noted in
Table 5.2-1), the requirements only apply for carriers assigned in the
paired part.

Table 7.8.2-1: Wide band intermodulation parameters for NR bands with
F~DL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz and F~UL\_high~ \< 2700 MHz

+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Rx       | Units | Channel  |          |          |          |
| p        |       | b        |          |          |          |
| arameter |       | andwidth |          |          |          |
|          |       | (MHz)    |          |          |          |
+==========+=======+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |       | 3        | 5, 10    | 15       | 20, 25,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 30, 35,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 40, 45,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 50, 60,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 70, 80,  |
|          |       |          |          |          | 90, 100  |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P~w~ in  | dBm   | REFSENS  | REFSENS  | REFSENS  | REFSENS  |
| Tran     |       | + 8 dB   | + 6 dB   | + 7 dB   | + (9 +   |
| smission |       |          |          |          | 10log    |
| B        |       |          |          |          | ~10~(BW~ |
| andwidth |       |          |          |          | Channel~ |
| Config   |       |          |          |          | /20)) dB |
| uration, |       |          |          |          |          |
| per      |       |          |          |          |          |
| CC^5^    |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P~Interf | dBm   | -46      |          |          |          |
| erer\ 1~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| (CW)     |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| P~Interf | dBm   | -46      |          |          |          |
| erer\ 2~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| (Mo      |       |          |          |          |          |
| dulated) |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| B        | MHz   | 3        | 5        |          |          |
| W~Interf |       |          |          |          |          |
| erer\ 2~ |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F~Interf | MHz   | -BW/2 -- | -BW~Ch   |          |          |
| erer\ 1~ |       | 4.5      | annel~/2 |          |          |
| (Offset) |       |          | -- 7.5   |          |          |
|          |       | /+BW/2 + |          |          |          |
|          |       | 4.5      | /        |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          | +BW~Ch   |          |          |
|          |       |          | annel~/2 |          |          |
|          |       |          | + 7.5    |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F~Interf | MHz   | 2\*      |          |          |          |
| erer\ 2~ |       | F~Interf |          |          |          |
| (Offset) |       | erer\ 1~ |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| tra      |       |          |          |          |          |
| nsmitter |       |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |       |          |          |          |          |
| set to 4 |       |          |          |          |          |
| dB below |       |          |          |          |          |
| P~CMAX   |       |          |          |          |          |
| \_L,f,c~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| at the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| minimum  |       |          |          |          |          |
| UL       |       |          |          |          |          |
| confi    |       |          |          |          |          |
| guration |       |          |          |          |          |
| s        |       |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |       |          |          |          |          |
| in Table |       |          |          |          |          |
| 7.3.2-3  |       |          |          |          |          |
| with     |       |          |          |          |          |
| P~CMAX   |       |          |          |          |          |
| \_L,f,c~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| clause   |       |          |          |          |          |
| 6.2.4.   |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| R        |       |          |          |          |          |
| eference |       |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |       |          |          |          |          |
| surement |       |          |          |          |          |
| channel  |       |          |          |          |          |
| is       |       |          |          |          |          |
| s        |       |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| Annexes  |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.2.2,   |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.2,   |       |          |          |          |          |
| and      |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.3    |       |          |          |          |          |
| (with    |       |          |          |          |          |
| one      |       |          |          |          |          |
| sided    |       |          |          |          |          |
| dynamic  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OCNG     |       |          |          |          |          |
| Pattern  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OP.1     |       |          |          |          |          |
| FDD/TDD  |       |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |       |          |          |          |          |
| D        |       |          |          |          |          |
| L-signal |       |          |          |          |          |
| as       |       |          |          |          |          |
| d        |       |          |          |          |          |
| escribed |       |          |          |          |          |
| in Annex |       |          |          |          |          |
| A        |       |          |          |          |          |
| .5.1.1/A |       |          |          |          |          |
| .5.2.1). |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| m        |       |          |          |          |          |
| odulated |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| consists |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| R        |       |          |          |          |          |
| eference |       |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |       |          |          |          |          |
| surement |       |          |          |          |          |
| channel  |       |          |          |          |          |
| s        |       |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| Annexes  |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.2.2  |       |          |          |          |          |
| and      |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.3.3.2  |       |          |          |          |          |
| with one |       |          |          |          |          |
| sided    |       |          |          |          |          |
| dynamic  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OCNG     |       |          |          |          |          |
| Pattern  |       |          |          |          |          |
| OP.1     |       |          |          |          |          |
| FDD/TDD  |       |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |       |          |          |          |          |
| D        |       |          |          |          |          |
| L-signal |       |          |          |          |          |
| as       |       |          |          |          |          |
| d        |       |          |          |          |          |
| escribed |       |          |          |          |          |
| in Annex |       |          |          |          |          |
| A.5.1.1  |       |          |          |          |          |
| /A.5.2.1 |       |          |          |          |          |
| and 15   |       |          |          |          |          |
| kHz SCS. |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| The      |       |          |          |          |          |
| F~interf |       |          |          |          |          |
| erer\ 1~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| f        |       |          |          |          |          |
| requency |       |          |          |          |          |
| se       |       |          |          |          |          |
| paration |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| center   |       |          |          |          |          |
| f        |       |          |          |          |          |
| requency |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| carrier  |       |          |          |          |          |
| closest  |       |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| and the  |       |          |          |          |          |
| center   |       |          |          |          |          |
| f        |       |          |          |          |          |
| requency |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| CW       |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| and      |       |          |          |          |          |
| F~int    |       |          |          |          |          |
| erferer~ |       |          |          |          |          |
| ~2~      |       |          |          |          |          |
| (offset) |       |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| f        |       |          |          |          |          |
| requency |       |          |          |          |          |
| se       |       |          |          |          |          |
| paration |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| center   |       |          |          |          |          |
| f        |       |          |          |          |          |
| requency |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| carrier  |       |          |          |          |          |
| closest  |       |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| in       |       |          |          |          |          |
| terferer |       |          |          |          |          |
| and the  |       |          |          |          |          |
| center   |       |          |          |          |          |
| f        |       |          |          |          |          |
| requency |       |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| m        |       |          |          |          |          |
| odulated |       |          |          |          |          |
| int      |       |          |          |          |          |
| erferer. |       |          |          |          |          |
|          |       |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |       |          |          |          |          |
| 10lo     |       |          |          |          |          |
| g~10~(x) |       |          |          |          |          |
| is       |       |          |          |          |          |
| rounded  |       |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |       |          |          |          |          |
| next     |       |          |          |          |          |
| higher   |       |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5dB    |       |          |          |          |          |
| value.   |       |          |          |          |          |
+----------+-------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 7.8.2-2: Wide band intermodulation parameters for NR bands with
F**~DL\_low~** ≥ 3300 MHz and F**~UL\_low~** ≥ 3300 MHz

+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| Rx parameter                | Units | Channel bandwidth (MHz)     |
+=============================+=======+=============================+
|                             |       | 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, |
|                             |       | 45, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100 |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| P~w~ in Transmission        | dBm   | REFSENS + 6 dB              |
| Bandwidth Configuration,    |       |                             |
| per CC                      |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| P~Interferer\ 1~ (CW)       | dBm   | -46                         |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| P~Interferer\ 2~            | dBm   | -46                         |
|                             |       |                             |
| (Modulated)                 |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| BW~Interferer\ 2~           | MHz   | BW~Channel~                 |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| F~Interferer\ 1~            | MHz   | -2BW~Channel~               |
|                             |       |                             |
| (Offset)                    |       | /                           |
|                             |       |                             |
|                             |       | +2BW~Channel~               |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| F~Interferer\ 2~            | MHz   | **2\*F~Interferer\ 1~**     |
|                             |       |                             |
| (Offset)                    |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The transmitter     |       |                             |
| shall be set to 4dB below   |       |                             |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the       |       |                             |
| minimum UL configuration    |       |                             |
| specified in Table 7.3.2-3  |       |                             |
| with P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined |       |                             |
| in clause 6.2.4.            |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 2: Reference           |       |                             |
| measurement channel is      |       |                             |
| specified in Annexes A.2.2, |       |                             |
| A.2.3, A.3.2, and A.3.3     |       |                             |
| (with one sided dynamic     |       |                             |
| OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD   |       |                             |
| for the DL-signal as        |       |                             |
| described in Annex          |       |                             |
| A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).           |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 3: The modulated       |       |                             |
| interferer consists of the  |       |                             |
| Reference measurement       |       |                             |
| channel specified in        |       |                             |
| Annexes A.3.2.2 and A.3.3.2 |       |                             |
| with one sided dynamic OCNG |       |                             |
| Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for    |       |                             |
| the DL-signal as described  |       |                             |
| in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1    |       |                             |
| and the same SCS as the     |       |                             |
| wanted signal.              |       |                             |
|                             |       |                             |
| NOTE 4: The                 |       |                             |
| F~interferer\ 1~ (offset)   |       |                             |
| is the frequency separation |       |                             |
| of the center frequency of  |       |                             |
| the carrier closest to the  |       |                             |
| interferer and the center   |       |                             |
| frequency of the CW         |       |                             |
| interferer and              |       |                             |
| F~interferer~ ~2~ (offset)  |       |                             |
| is the frequency separation |       |                             |
| of the center frequency of  |       |                             |
| the carrier closest to the  |       |                             |
| interferer and the center   |       |                             |
| frequency of the modulated  |       |                             |
| interferer.                 |       |                             |
+-----------------------------+-------+-----------------------------+

7.8A Intermodulation characteristics for CA
-------------------------------------------

### 7.8A.1 General

### 7.8A.2 Wide band intermodulation for CA

#### 7.8A.2.1 Wide band intermodulation for Intra-band contiguous CA

Table 7.8A.2.1-1: Wide band intermodulation parameters for intra-band
contiguous CA with F**~DL\_low~** ≥ 3300 MHz and F**~UL\_low~** ≥ 3300
MHz

+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| Rx         | Units | NR CA      |            |            |   |
| parameter  |       | bandwidth  |            |            |   |
|            |       | class      |            |            |   |
+============+=======+============+============+============+===+
|            |       | B          | C          | D          |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| P~w~ in    | dBm   | REFSENS +  | REFSENS +  | REFSENS +  |   |
| Tr         |       | 10 dB      | 6 dB       | 13.8 dB    |   |
| ansmission |       |            |            |            |   |
| Bandwidth  |       |            |            |            |   |
| Conf       |       |            |            |            |   |
| iguration, |       |            |            |            |   |
| per CC     |       |            |            |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| P~Inte     | dBm   | -46        |            |            |   |
| rferer\ 1~ |       |            |            |            |   |
| (CW)       |       |            |            |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| P~Inte     | dBm   | -46        |            |            |   |
| rferer\ 2~ |       |            |            |            |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
| (          |       |            |            |            |   |
| Modulated) |       |            |            |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| BW~Inte    | MHz   | 20         | BW~Ch      | 50         |   |
| rferer\ 2~ |       |            | annel\_CA~ |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| F~Inte     | MHz   | -F~        | -2BW~Ch    | -F~        |   |
| rferer\ 1~ |       | offset~-30 | annel\_CA~ | offset~-75 |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
| (Offset)   |       | /          | /          | /          |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
|            |       | F~         | +2BW~Ch    | F~         |   |
|            |       | offset~+30 | annel\_CA~ | offset~+75 |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| F~Inte     | MHz   |            | **2        |            |   |
| rferer\ 2~ |       |            | \*F~Interf |            |   |
|            |       |            | erer\ 1~** |            |   |
| (Offset)   |       |            |            |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+
| NOTE 1:    |       |            |            |            |   |
| The        |       |            |            |            |   |
| t          |       |            |            |            |   |
| ransmitter |       |            |            |            |   |
| shall be   |       |            |            |            |   |
| set to 4   |       |            |            |            |   |
| dB below   |       |            |            |            |   |
| P~CM       |       |            |            |            |   |
| AX\_L,f,c~ |       |            |            |            |   |
| at the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| minimum UL |       |            |            |            |   |
| con        |       |            |            |            |   |
| figuration |       |            |            |            |   |
| specified  |       |            |            |            |   |
| in Table   |       |            |            |            |   |
| 7.3.2-3    |       |            |            |            |   |
| with       |       |            |            |            |   |
| P~CM       |       |            |            |            |   |
| AX\_L,f,c~ |       |            |            |            |   |
| defined in |       |            |            |            |   |
| clause     |       |            |            |            |   |
| 6.2.4.     |       |            |            |            |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
| NOTE 2:    |       |            |            |            |   |
| Reference  |       |            |            |            |   |
| m          |       |            |            |            |   |
| easurement |       |            |            |            |   |
| channel is |       |            |            |            |   |
| specified  |       |            |            |            |   |
| in Annexes |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.2.2,     |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.3.2, and |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.3.3      |       |            |            |            |   |
| (with one  |       |            |            |            |   |
| sided      |       |            |            |            |   |
| dynamic    |       |            |            |            |   |
| OCNG       |       |            |            |            |   |
| Pattern    |       |            |            |            |   |
| OP.1       |       |            |            |            |   |
| FDD/TDD    |       |            |            |            |   |
| for the    |       |            |            |            |   |
| DL-signal  |       |            |            |            |   |
| as         |       |            |            |            |   |
| described  |       |            |            |            |   |
| in Annex   |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.5.1.1    |       |            |            |            |   |
| /A.5.2.1). |       |            |            |            |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
| NOTE 3:    |       |            |            |            |   |
| The        |       |            |            |            |   |
| modulated  |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| consists   |       |            |            |            |   |
| of the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| Reference  |       |            |            |            |   |
| m          |       |            |            |            |   |
| easurement |       |            |            |            |   |
| channel    |       |            |            |            |   |
| specified  |       |            |            |            |   |
| in Annexes |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.3.2.2    |       |            |            |            |   |
| and        |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.3.3.2    |       |            |            |            |   |
| with one   |       |            |            |            |   |
| sided      |       |            |            |            |   |
| dynamic    |       |            |            |            |   |
| OCNG       |       |            |            |            |   |
| Pattern    |       |            |            |            |   |
| OP.1       |       |            |            |            |   |
| FDD/TDD    |       |            |            |            |   |
| for the    |       |            |            |            |   |
| DL-signal  |       |            |            |            |   |
| as         |       |            |            |            |   |
| described  |       |            |            |            |   |
| in Annex   |       |            |            |            |   |
| A.5.1      |       |            |            |            |   |
| .1/A.5.2.1 |       |            |            |            |   |
| and the    |       |            |            |            |   |
| same SCS   |       |            |            |            |   |
| as the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| closest    |       |            |            |            |   |
| carrier.   |       |            |            |            |   |
|            |       |            |            |            |   |
| NOTE 4:    |       |            |            |            |   |
| The        |       |            |            |            |   |
| F~inte     |       |            |            |            |   |
| rferer\ 1~ |       |            |            |            |   |
| (offset)   |       |            |            |            |   |
| is the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| frequency  |       |            |            |            |   |
| separation |       |            |            |            |   |
| of the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| center     |       |            |            |            |   |
| frequency  |       |            |            |            |   |
| of the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| carrier    |       |            |            |            |   |
| closest to |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| and the    |       |            |            |            |   |
| center     |       |            |            |            |   |
| frequency  |       |            |            |            |   |
| of the CW  |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| and        |       |            |            |            |   |
| F~i        |       |            |            |            |   |
| nterferer~ |       |            |            |            |   |
| ~2~        |       |            |            |            |   |
| (offset)   |       |            |            |            |   |
| is the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| frequency  |       |            |            |            |   |
| separation |       |            |            |            |   |
| of the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| center     |       |            |            |            |   |
| frequency  |       |            |            |            |   |
| of the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| carrier    |       |            |            |            |   |
| closest to |       |            |            |            |   |
| the        |       |            |            |            |   |
| interferer |       |            |            |            |   |
| and the    |       |            |            |            |   |
| center     |       |            |            |            |   |
| frequency  |       |            |            |            |   |
| of the     |       |            |            |            |   |
| modulated  |       |            |            |            |   |
| i          |       |            |            |            |   |
| nterferer. |       |            |            |            |   |
+------------+-------+------------+------------+------------+---+

Table 7.8A.2.1-2: Wide band intermodulation parameters for intra-band
contiguous CA with F~DL\_low~ \< 2700 MHz and F~UL\_low~ \< 2700 MHz

+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| Rx parameter      | Units | NR CA bandwidth   |                   |
|                   |       | class             |                   |
+===================+=======+===================+===================+
|                   |       | B                 | C                 |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| P~w~ in           | dBm   | REFSENS + 16 dB   | REFSENS + 19 dB   |
| Transmission      |       |                   |                   |
| Bandwidth         |       |                   |                   |
| Configuration,    |       |                   |                   |
| per CC            |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| P~Interferer\ 1~  | dBm   | -46               | -46               |
| (CW)              |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| P~Interferer\ 2~  | dBm   | -46               | -46               |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
| (Modulated)       |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| BW~Interferer\ 2~ | MHz   | 5                 | 5                 |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| F~Interferer\ 1~  | MHz   | -F~offset~-7.5    | -F~offset~-7.5    |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
| (Offset)          |       | /                 | /                 |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       | F~offset~+7.5     | F~offset~+7.5     |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| F~Interferer\ 2~  | MHz   | **2\*F            | **2\*F            |
|                   |       | ~Interferer\ 1~** | ~Interferer\ 1~** |
| (Offset)          |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: The       |       |                   |                   |
| transmitter shall |       |                   |                   |
| be set to 4 dB    |       |                   |                   |
| below             |       |                   |                   |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at |       |                   |                   |
| the minimum UL    |       |                   |                   |
| configuration     |       |                   |                   |
| specified in      |       |                   |                   |
| Table 7.3.2-3     |       |                   |                   |
| with              |       |                   |                   |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~    |       |                   |                   |
| defined in clause |       |                   |                   |
| 6.2.4.            |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
| NOTE 2: Reference |       |                   |                   |
| measurement       |       |                   |                   |
| channel is        |       |                   |                   |
| specified in      |       |                   |                   |
| Annexes A.2.2,    |       |                   |                   |
| A.3.2, and A.3.3  |       |                   |                   |
| (with one sided   |       |                   |                   |
| dynamic OCNG      |       |                   |                   |
| Pattern OP.1      |       |                   |                   |
| FDD/TDD for the   |       |                   |                   |
| DL-signal as      |       |                   |                   |
| described in      |       |                   |                   |
| Annex             |       |                   |                   |
| A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1)  |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
| NOTE 3: The       |       |                   |                   |
| modulated         |       |                   |                   |
| interferer        |       |                   |                   |
| consists of the   |       |                   |                   |
| Reference         |       |                   |                   |
| measurement       |       |                   |                   |
| channel specified |       |                   |                   |
| in Annexes        |       |                   |                   |
| A.3.2.2 and       |       |                   |                   |
| A.3.3.2 with one  |       |                   |                   |
| sided dynamic     |       |                   |                   |
| OCNG Pattern OP.1 |       |                   |                   |
| FDD/TDD for the   |       |                   |                   |
| DL-signal as      |       |                   |                   |
| described in      |       |                   |                   |
| Annex             |       |                   |                   |
| A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1   |       |                   |                   |
| and the same SCS  |       |                   |                   |
| as the 15 kHz     |       |                   |                   |
| SCS.              |       |                   |                   |
|                   |       |                   |                   |
| NOTE 4: The       |       |                   |                   |
| F~interferer\ 1~  |       |                   |                   |
| (offset) is the   |       |                   |                   |
| frequency         |       |                   |                   |
| separation of the |       |                   |                   |
| center frequency  |       |                   |                   |
| of the carrier    |       |                   |                   |
| closest to the    |       |                   |                   |
| interferer and    |       |                   |                   |
| the center        |       |                   |                   |
| frequency of the  |       |                   |                   |
| CW interferer and |       |                   |                   |
| F~interferer~ ~2~ |       |                   |                   |
| (offset) is the   |       |                   |                   |
| frequency         |       |                   |                   |
| separation of the |       |                   |                   |
| center frequency  |       |                   |                   |
| of the carrier    |       |                   |                   |
| closest to the    |       |                   |                   |
| interferer and    |       |                   |                   |
| the center        |       |                   |                   |
| frequency of the  |       |                   |                   |
| modulated         |       |                   |                   |
| interferer.       |       |                   |                   |
+-------------------+-------+-------------------+-------------------+

#### 7.8A.2.2 Wide band intermodulation for Intra-band non-contiguous CA

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation with one uplink
carrier and two or more downlink sub-blocks, the wide band
intermodulation requirements are defined with the uplink configuration
in accordance with Table 7.3A.2.2-1. For this uplink configuration, the
UE shall meet the requirements for each sub-block as specified in clause
7.8.2 and 7.8A.2.1 for one component carrier and two component carriers
per sub-block, respectively. The requirements apply for out-of-gap
interferers while all downlink carriers are active.

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

#### 7.8A.2.3 Wide band intermodulation for Inter-band CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation with one component carrier per
operating band and the uplink assigned to one NR band, the wide band
intermodulation requirements are defined with the uplink active on the
band(s) other than the band whose downlink is being tested. The UE shall
meet the requirements specified in clause 7.8 for each component carrier
while all downlink carriers are active.

For the UE which supports inter-band CA configuration in Table
7.3A.3.2.1-1, P~interferer~ power defined in Table 7.8.2-1 and 7.8.2-2
and Table 7.8F.2-1 for shared spectrum channel access is increased by
the amount given by ΔR~IB,c~ in Table 7.3A.3.2.1-1 in Table 7.3F.3-1 for
shared spectrum channel access .

The throughput of each carrier shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput
of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.2.2,
A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD for
the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).

7.8B Intermodulation characteristics for NR-DC
----------------------------------------------

For inter-band NR-DC configurations, the intermodulation characteristics
for the corresponding inter-band CA configuration as specified in clause
7.8A applies.

7.8D Intermodulation characteristics for UL MIMO
------------------------------------------------

For UE(s) with two or four transmitter antenna connectors in closed-loop
spatial multiplexing scheme, the minimum requirements in clause 7.8
shall be met with the UL MIMO configurations described in clause 6.2D.1
and in clause 6.2F.1D for shared spectrum access operation. For UL MIMO,
the parameter P~CMAX\_L~ is defined as the total transmitter power over
all transmit antenna connectors.

7.8E Intermodulation characteristics for V2X
--------------------------------------------

### 7.8E.1 General

Intermodulation response rejection is a measure of the capability of the
receiver to receive a wanted signal on its assigned channel frequency in
the presence of two or more interfering signals which have a specific
frequency relationship to the wanted signal.

### 7.8E.2 Wide band Intermodulation

#### 7.8E.2.1 General

The wide band intermodulation requirement is defined using modulated NR
carrier and a CW signal as interferer 1 and interferer 2 respectively.
When UE is configured for NR V2X reception non-concurrent with NR uplink
transmissions for NR V2X operating bands specified in Table 5.2E.1-1,
the throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum throughput of the
reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes A.7.2 with
parameters specified in Table 7.8E.2-1 for NR V2X bands. The relative
throughput requirement shall be met for any SCS specified for the
channel bandwidth of the wanted signal.

Table 7.8E.2-1: Wide band intermodulation parameters for NR V2X

+----------+----------+-------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| NR band  | Rx       | Units | Channel  |        |        |        |
|          | p        |       | b        |        |        |        |
|          | arameter |       | andwidth |        |        |        |
+==========+==========+=======+==========+========+========+========+
|          |          |       | 10 MHz   | 20 MHz | 30 MHz | 40 MHz |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| n38, n47 | Power in | dBm   | P~REFSE  |        |        |        |
|          | Tran     |       | NS\_V2X~ |        |        |        |
|          | smission |       | +        |        |        |        |
|          | B        |       | channel  |        |        |        |
|          | andwidth |       | b        |        |        |        |
|          | Confi    |       | andwidth |        |        |        |
|          | guration |       | specific |        |        |        |
|          |          |       | value    |        |        |        |
|          |          |       | below    |        |        |        |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
|          |          | dB    | 6        | 9      | 11     | 12     |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
|          | P~Interf | dBm   | -46      |        |        |        |
|          | erer\ 1~ |       |          |        |        |        |
|          | (CW)     |       |          |        |        |        |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
|          | P~Interf | dBm   | -46      |        |        |        |
|          | erer\ 2~ |       |          |        |        |        |
|          | (Mo      |       |          |        |        |        |
|          | dulated) |       |          |        |        |        |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
|          | B        | MHz   | 10MHz    |        |        |        |
|          | W~Interf |       |          |        |        |        |
|          | erer\ 2~ |       |          |        |        |        |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
|          | F~Interf | MHz   | -BW/2 -- |        |        |        |
|          | erer\ 1~ |       | 15       |        |        |        |
|          | (Offset) |       |          |        |        |        |
|          |          |       | /        |        |        |        |
|          |          |       |          |        |        |        |
|          |          |       | +BW/2 +  |        |        |        |
|          |          |       | 15       |        |        |        |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
|          | F~Interf | MHz   | 2 \*     |        |        |        |
|          | erer\ 2~ |       | F~Interf |        |        |        |
|          | (Offset) |       | erer\ 1~ |        |        |        |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+--------+--------+--------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| R        |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| eference |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| mea      |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| surement |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| channel  |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| is A.7.2 |          |       |          |        |        |        |
|          |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| NOTE 2:  |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| The      |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| in       |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| terferer |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| is QPSK  |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| m        |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| odulated |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| PUSCH    |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| co       |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| ntaining |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| data and |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| r        |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| eference |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| symbols. |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| Normal   |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| cyclic   |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| prefix   |          |       |          |        |        |        |
| is used. |          |       |          |        |        |        |
+----------+----------+-------+----------+--------+--------+--------+

Table 7.8E.2-1a: Wide band intermodulation parameters in n14

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NR    | Rx    | Units | Ch    |       |       |       |       |
| band  | para  |       | annel |       |       |       |       |
|       | meter |       | band  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | width |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       |       |       | 5 MHz | 10    | 20    | 30    | 40    |
|       |       |       |       | MHz   | MHz   | MHz   | MHz   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| n14   | Power | dBm   | P~REF |       |       |       |       |
|       | in    |       | SENS\ |       |       |       |       |
|       | Tr    |       | _V2X~ |       |       |       |       |
|       | ansmi |       | +     |       |       |       |       |
|       | ssion |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |
|       | Band  |       | annel |       |       |       |       |
|       | width |       | band  |       |       |       |       |
|       | Con   |       | width |       |       |       |       |
|       | figur |       | spe   |       |       |       |       |
|       | ation |       | cific |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | value |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | below |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | dB    | 6     | 6     |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | P     | dBm   | -46   |       |       |       |       |
|       | ~Inte |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | rfere |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | r\ 1~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | (CW)  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | P     | dBm   | -46   |       |       |       |       |
|       | ~Inte |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | rfere |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | r\ 2~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | (     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | Modul |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ated) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | BW    | MHz   | 5MHz  |       |       |       |       |
|       | ~Inte |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | rfere |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | r\ 2~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | F     | MHz   | -BW/2 |       |       |       |       |
|       | ~Inte |       | --    |       |       |       |       |
|       | rfere |       | 7.5   |       |       |       |       |
|       | r\ 1~ |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | (Of   |       | /     |       |       |       |       |
|       | fset) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | +BW/2 |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | + 7.5 |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | F     | MHz   | 2 \*  |       |       |       |       |
|       | ~Inte |       | F     |       |       |       |       |
|       | rfere |       | ~Inte |       |       |       |       |
|       | r\ 2~ |       | rfere |       |       |       |       |
|       | (Of   |       | r\ 1~ |       |       |       |       |
|       | fset) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| m     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| easur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ement |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .7.2. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| inter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ferer |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| QPSK  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| modu  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PSSCH |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| conta |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ining |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| data  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rence |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sym   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bols. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| N     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ormal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| yclic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refix |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| used. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

#### 7.8E.2.2 Wide band Intermodulation for V2X concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR V2X operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.8E.2.1 shall apply for the NR sidelink reception
in the operating bands in Table 5.2E.2-1 and the requirements specified
in clause 7.8 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in licensed band
while all downlink carriers are active.

#### 7.8E.2.2A Wide band intermodulation for Sidelink CA

For intra-band contiguous SL CA operation, the UE throughput shall be ≥
95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annex A.7.2 with parameters specified in Table 7.8E.2.1A-1
for the specified wanted signal mean power in the presence of two
interfering signals.

Table 7.8E.2.2A-1: Wide band intermodulation for intra-band contiguous
SL CA UE

+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
| Rx parameter         | Units | SL CA Bandwidth      |   |   |   |   |
|                      |       | Class                |   |   |   |   |
+======================+=======+======================+===+===+===+===+
|                      |       | B                    |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
| P~w~ in Transmission | dBm   | P~REFSENS\_SL~ + SL  |   |   |   |   |
| Bandwidth            |       | CA Bandwidth Class   |   |   |   |   |
| Configuration, per   |       | specific value below |   |   |   |   |
| CC                   |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
|                      |       | 9                    |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
| P~Interferer\ 1~     | dBm   | -46                  |   |   |   |   |
|                      |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| (CW)                 |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
| P~Interferer\ 2~     | dBm   | -46                  |   |   |   |   |
|                      |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| (Modulated)          |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
| BW~Interferer\ 2~    | MHz   | 10                   |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
| F~Interferer\ 1~     | MHz   | --F~offset~-15       |   |   |   |   |
|                      |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| (Offset)             |       | /                    |   |   |   |   |
|                      |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
|                      |       | \+ F~offset~+15      |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
| F~Interferer\ 2~     | MHz   | **2                  |   |   |   |   |
|                      |       | \*F~Interferer\ 1~** |   |   |   |   |
| (Offset)             |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+
| NOTE 1: The          |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| requirement is       |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| applied for          |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| multi-carrier        |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| intra-band           |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| concurrent           |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| receptions when 2    |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| carrier              |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| transmissions are    |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| activated at the     |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| same time.           |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
|                      |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| NOTE 2: The          |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| F~interferer\ 1~     |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| (offset) is the      |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| frequency separation |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| of the center        |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| frequency of the     |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| carrier closest to   |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| the interferer and   |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| the center frequency |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| of the CW interferer |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| and F~interferer~    |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| ~2~ (offset) is the  |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| frequency separation |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| of the center        |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| frequency of the     |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| carrier closest to   |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| the interferer and   |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| the center frequency |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| of the modulated     |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
| interferer.          |       |                      |   |   |   |   |
+----------------------+-------+----------------------+---+---+---+---+

#### 7.8E.2.2F Wide band Intermodulation for SL-U concurrent operation

For the inter-band concurrent NR SL-U operation, the requirements
specified in clause 7.8E.2F shall apply for the NR sidelink reception in
the operating bands in Table \[5.2E.2F-1\] and the requirements
specified in clause 7.8 shall apply for the NR downlink reception in
licensed band while all downlink carriers are active.

### 7.8E.2F Wide band Intermodulation for Sidelink Unlicensed

The spurious response requirement in clause 7.8F.2 apply.

Instead of the general wideband intermodulation requirements specified
in clause 7.8.2, the throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum
throughput of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annex
7.2 with parameters specified in Table 7.8F.2-1. The relative throughput
requirement shall be met for any SCS specified for the channel bandwidth
of the wanted signal.

7.8F Intermodulation characteristics for shared spectrum channel access
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

### 7.8F.1 General

Intermodulation response rejection is a measure of the capability of the
receiver to receive a wanted signal on its assigned channel frequency in
the presence of two or more interfering signals which have a specific
frequency relationship to the wanted signal

### 7.8F.2 Wide band Intermodulation

The wide band intermodulation requirement is defined using a CW carrier
and modulated NR signal as interferer 1 and interferer 2 respectively.

Instead of the general wideband intermodulation requirements specified
in clause 7.8.2, the throughput shall be ≥ 95 % of the maximum
throughput of the reference measurement channels as specified in Annexes
A.2.2, A.3.2 and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD
for the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1) with parameters
specified in Table 7.8F.2-1. The relative throughput requirement shall
be met for any SCS specified for the channel bandwidth of the wanted
signal.

Table 7.8F.2-1: Wide band intermodulation parameters for shared spectrum
channel access

+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| **Rx parameter**          | **Units** | **Channel bandwidth**     |
+===========================+===========+===========================+
|                           |           | **20, 40, 60, 80, 100     |
|                           |           | MHz**                     |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| P~w~ in Transmission      | dBm       | REFSENS + 9 dB +          |
| Bandwidth configuration,  |           | 10log~10~(BW~Channel~     |
| per CC                    |           | /20) dB                   |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| P~Interferer\ 1~ (CW)     | dBm       | -46                       |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| P~Interferer\ 2~          | dBm       | -46                       |
| (Modulated)               |           |                           |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| BW~Interferer\ 2~         | MHz       | 20                        |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| F~Interferer\ 1~ (Offset) | MHz       | -BW/2 -- 30 / +BW/2 + 30  |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| F~Interferer\ 2~ (Offset) | MHz       | **2\*F~Interferer\ 1~**   |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| NOTE 1: The transmitter   |           |                           |
| shall be set to 4dB below |           |                           |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ at the     |           |                           |
| minimum UL configuration  |           |                           |
| specified in Table        |           |                           |
| 7.3F.2-3 with             |           |                           |
| P~CMAX\_L,f,c~ defined in |           |                           |
| clause 6.2.4.             |           |                           |
|                           |           |                           |
| NOTE 2: Reference         |           |                           |
| measurement channel is    |           |                           |
| specified in Annexes      |           |                           |
| A.2.2, A.3.2, and A.3.3   |           |                           |
| (with one sided dynamic   |           |                           |
| OCNG Pattern OP.1 FDD/TDD |           |                           |
| for the DL-signal as      |           |                           |
| described in Annex        |           |                           |
| A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1).         |           |                           |
|                           |           |                           |
| NOTE 3: The modulated     |           |                           |
| interferer consists of    |           |                           |
| the Reference measurement |           |                           |
| channel specified in      |           |                           |
| Annexes A.3.2.2 and       |           |                           |
| A.3.3.2 with one sided    |           |                           |
| dynamic OCNG Pattern OP.1 |           |                           |
| FDD/TDD for the DL-signal |           |                           |
| as described in Annex     |           |                           |
| A.5.1.1/A.5.2.1 and the   |           |                           |
| same SCS as the wanted    |           |                           |
| signal.                   |           |                           |
|                           |           |                           |
| NOTE 4: The               |           |                           |
| F~interferer\ 1~ (offset) |           |                           |
| is the frequency          |           |                           |
| separation of the center  |           |                           |
| frequency of the carrier  |           |                           |
| closest to the interferer |           |                           |
| and the center frequency  |           |                           |
| of the CW interferer and  |           |                           |
| F~interferer~ ~2~         |           |                           |
| (offset) is the frequency |           |                           |
| separation of the center  |           |                           |
| frequency of the carrier  |           |                           |
| closest to the interferer |           |                           |
| and the center frequency  |           |                           |
| of the modulated          |           |                           |
| interferer.               |           |                           |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+

7.8G (Reserved)
---------------

7.8H (Reserved)
---------------

7.8I (Reserved)
---------------

7.8J Intermodulation characteristics for ATG
--------------------------------------------

### 7.8J.1 General

Intermodulation response rejection is a measure of the capability of the
receiver to receive a wanted signal on its

*assigned channel frequency in the presence of two or more interfering
signals which have a specific frequency* *relationship to the wanted
signal*.

### 7.8J.2 Wide band intermodulation for ATG

For ATG UE, the wide band intermodulation requirement defined in clause
7.8.2 applies.

7.8K (Reserved)
---------------

7.8L (Reserved)
---------------

7.9 Spurious emissions
----------------------

The spurious emissions power is the power of emissions generated or
amplified in a receiver that appear at the UE antenna connector.

The power of any narrow band CW spurious emission shall not exceed the
maximum level specified in Table 7.9-1

Table 7.9-1: General receiver spurious emission requirements

+------------------------------+-------------+---------------+------+
| Frequency range              | Measurement | Maximum level | NOTE |
|                              |             |               |      |
|                              | bandwidth   |               |      |
+------------------------------+-------------+---------------+------+
| 30 MHz ≤ f \< 1 GHz          | 100 kHz     | -57 dBm       |      |
+------------------------------+-------------+---------------+------+
| 1 GHz ≤ f ≤ 12.75 GHz        | 1 MHz       | -47 dBm       |      |
+------------------------------+-------------+---------------+------+
| 12.75 GHz ≤ f ≤ 5^th^        | 1 MHz       | -47 dBm       | 2    |
| harmonic of the upper        |             |               |      |
| frequency edge of the DL     |             |               |      |
| operating band in GHz        |             |               |      |
+------------------------------+-------------+---------------+------+
| 12.75 GHz -- 26 GHz          | 1 MHz       | -47 dBm       | 3    |
+------------------------------+-------------+---------------+------+
| NOTE 1: Unused PDCCH         |             |               |      |
| resources are padded with    |             |               |      |
| resource element groups with |             |               |      |
| power level given by PDCCH   |             |               |      |
| as defined in Annex C.3.1.   |             |               |      |
|                              |             |               |      |
| NOTE 2: Applies for Band     |             |               |      |
| that the upper frequency     |             |               |      |
| edge of the DL Band more     |             |               |      |
| than 2.69 GHz.               |             |               |      |
|                              |             |               |      |
| NOTE 3: Applies for Band     |             |               |      |
| that the upper frequency     |             |               |      |
| edge of the DL Band more     |             |               |      |
| than 5.2 GHz.                |             |               |      |
+------------------------------+-------------+---------------+------+

7.9A Spurious emissions for CA
------------------------------

### 7.9A.1 Void

### 7.9A.2 Void

### 7.9A.3 Spurious emissions for Inter-band CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation including an operating band without
uplink band, the UE shall meet the Rx spurious emissions requirements
specified in clause 7.9 for each component carrier while all downlink
carriers are active.

7.9B Spurious emissions for NR-DC
---------------------------------

For inter-band NR-DC configurations, the spurious emissions for the
corresponding inter-band CA configuration as specified in clause 7.9A
applies.

7.9J Spurious emissions for ATG
-------------------------------

For ATG UE, the spurious emissions as specified in clause 7.9 applies.

7.10 Power imbalance
--------------------

7.10A Power imbalance for CA
----------------------------

### 7.10A.1 General

Power imbalance requirement is a measure of the receiver's ability to
receive a wanted signal in the presence of another signal with a power
imbalance and a specific frequency offset from the wanted signal.

Power imbalance requirement in this subclause is only applicable for a
UE capable of *intraBandNR-CA-non-collocated-r18* and is not provided
with *nonCollocatedTypeNR-CA-r18* and is configured with
*maxMIMO-Layers* with value less than or equal to 2*.*

### 7.10A.2 Minimum requirement 

For the test parameters in Table 7.10A.2-1, the throughput shall be ≥ 95
% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement channels as
specified in Annexes A.2.2, A.3.2, and A.3.3 (with one sided dynamic
OCNG Pattern OP.1 TDD for the DL-signal as described in Annex A.5.2.1).

Table 7.10A.2-1: Power imbalance parameters for intra-band
non-contiguous CA

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Test        | Carriers    | Rx Power in | channel     | Center of   |
| con         |             | t           | bandwidth   | BW~another~ |
| figurations |             | ransmission |             | Relative to |
|             |             | bandwidth   |             | edge of     |
|             |             | co          |             | BW~wanted~  |
|             |             | nfiguration |             |             |
|             |             | (dBm)       |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| 1           | Wanted      | REFSENS     | BW~wanted~  | \< max      |
|             | carrier     | ^NOTE\ 4^ + | ≤           | (5/2\*      |
|             |             | 1           | BW~another~ | B           |
|             |             |             |             | W~another~, |
|             |             |             |             | 50MHz       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Another     | Power of    |             |             |
|             | wanted      | wanted      |             |             |
|             | carrier     | carrier +   |             |             |
|             |             | 25          |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2           | Wanted      | REFSENS     | BW~wanted~  |             |
|             | carrier     | ^NOTE\ 4^ + | \>          |             |
|             |             | 1           | BW~another~ |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Another     | Power of    |             |             |
|             | wanted      | wanted      |             |             |
|             | carrier     | carrier +   |             |             |
|             |             | 25 --       |             |             |
|             |             | 10\*log10   |             |             |
|             |             | (BW~wanted~ |             |             |
|             |             | /B          |             |             |
|             |             | W~another~) |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 3           | Wanted      | REFSENS     | NA          | ≥ max       |
|             | carrier     | ^NOTE\ 4^ + |             | (5/2\*      |
|             |             | 1           |             | B           |
|             |             |             |             | W~another~, |
|             |             |             |             | 50MHz)      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | Another     | Power of    |             |             |
|             | wanted      | wanted      |             |             |
|             | carrier     | carrier +   |             |             |
|             |             | 25          |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: The |             |             |             |             |
| transmitter |             |             |             |             |
| shall be    |             |             |             |             |
| set to 24dB |             |             |             |             |
| below       |             |             |             |             |
| P~C         |             |             |             |             |
| MAX\_L,f,c~ |             |             |             |             |
| at the      |             |             |             |             |
| minimum     |             |             |             |             |
| uplink      |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| specified   |             |             |             |             |
| in Table    |             |             |             |             |
| 7.3.2-3     |             |             |             |             |
| with        |             |             |             |             |
| P~C         |             |             |             |             |
| MAX\_L,f,c~ |             |             |             |             |
| as defined  |             |             |             |             |
| in clause   |             |             |             |             |
| 6.2A.4.     |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2:     |             |             |             |             |
| BW~wanted~  |             |             |             |             |
| is the      |             |             |             |             |
| channel     |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |             |             |             |             |
| of wanted   |             |             |             |             |
| carrier.    |             |             |             |             |
| BW~another~ |             |             |             |             |
| is the      |             |             |             |             |
| channel     |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |             |             |             |             |
| of another  |             |             |             |             |
| wanted      |             |             |             |             |
| carrier     |             |             |             |             |
| with 25 dB  |             |             |             |             |
| power       |             |             |             |             |
| imbalance.  |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 3:     |             |             |             |             |
| It's        |             |             |             |             |
| allowed to  |             |             |             |             |
| use one of  |             |             |             |             |
| test        |             |             |             |             |
| con         |             |             |             |             |
| figurations |             |             |             |             |
| to verify   |             |             |             |             |
| the **RX    |             |             |             |             |
| power       |             |             |             |             |
| imbalance   |             |             |             |             |
| re          |             |             |             |             |
| quirement** |             |             |             |             |
| for type 2  |             |             |             |             |
| UE.         |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 4:     |             |             |             |             |
| REFSENS is  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| reference   |             |             |             |             |
| sensitivity |             |             |             |             |
| level for   |             |             |             |             |
| two antenna |             |             |             |             |
| port in     |             |             |             |             |
| Table       |             |             |             |             |
| 7.3.2-1b.   |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 5:     |             |             |             |             |
| Void.       |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

For a UE capable of *intraBandNR-CA-non-collocated-r18* for the
following CA band combinations in Table 7.10A.2-2, the Power imbalance
requirements are applicable with 2Rx antenna ports for each component
carrier if it is not provided with *nonCollocatedTypeNR-CA-r18* and is
configured with *maxMIMO-Layers* with value less than or equal to 2.

Table 7.10A.2-2: NR CA combinations

  CA combination
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  CA\_n77(2A)^1^
  CA\_n78(2A)^1^
  NOTE: All the requirements for intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous CA apply under the assumption of the same slot format indicated by *TDD-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon and TDD-UL-DL-ConfigurationDedicated* in the PCell and SCells for NR SA
