Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

In the present document, modal verbs have the following meanings:

**shall** indicates a mandatory requirement to do something

**shall not** indicates an interdiction (prohibition) to do something

The constructions \"shall\" and \"shall not\" are confined to the
context of normative provisions, and do not appear in Technical Reports.

The constructions \"must\" and \"must not\" are not used as substitutes
for \"shall\" and \"shall not\". Their use is avoided insofar as
possible, and they are not used in a normative context except in a
direct citation from an external, referenced, non-3GPP document, or so
as to maintain continuity of style when extending or modifying the
provisions of such a referenced document.

**should** indicates a recommendation to do something

**should not** indicates a recommendation not to do something

**may** indicates permission to do something

**need not** indicates permission not to do something

The construction \"may not\" is ambiguous and is not used in normative
elements. The unambiguous constructions \"might not\" or \"shall not\"
are used instead, depending upon the meaning intended.

**can** indicates that something is possible

**cannot** indicates that something is impossible

The constructions \"can\" and \"cannot\" are not substitutes for \"may\"
and \"need not\".

**will** indicates that something is certain or expected to happen as a
result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

**will not** indicates that something is certain or expected not to
happen as a result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which
is outside the scope of the present document

**might** indicates a likelihood that something will happen as a result
of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside the
scope of the present document

**might not** indicates a likelihood that something will not happen as a
result of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

In addition:

**is** (or any other verb in the indicative mood) indicates a statement
of fact

**is not** (or any other negative verb in the indicative mood) indicates
a statement of fact

The constructions \"is\" and \"is not\" do not indicate requirements.

\

1 Scope {#scope-1}
=======

The present document establishes the minimum RF requirements for NR User
Equipment (UE) operating on frequency Range 1.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case of
a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document in the same Release as the present document.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.101-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone\".

\[3\] 3GPP TS 38.101-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 3: Range 1 and Range 2 Interworking operation with other
radios\".

\[4\] 3GPP TS 38.521-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 1: Range 1
Standalone\".

\[5\] Recommendation ITU-R M.1545: \"Measurement uncertainty as it
applies to test limits for the terrestrial component of International
Mobile Telecommunications-2000\".

\[6\] 3GPP TS 38.211: \"NR; Physical channels and modulation\".

\[7\] 3GPP TS 38.331: \"Radio Resource Control (RRC) protocol
specification\".

\[8\] 3GPP TS 38.213: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for control\".

\[9\] ITU-R Recommendation SM.329, \"Unwanted emissions in the spurious
domain\".

\[10\] 3GPP TS 38.214: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for data\".

\[11\] 3GPP TS 36.101: Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and reception;

\[12\] ETSI TS 102 792: \"Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS);
Mitigation techniques to avoid interference between European CEN
Dedicated Short Range Communication (CEN DSRC) equipment and Intelligent
Transport Systems (ITS) operating in the 5 GHz frequency range\".

\[13\] 3GPP TS 38.133: \"NR; Requirements for support of radio resource
management\".

**\[14\] 3GPP TS 37.213: \"Physical layer procedures for shared spectrum
channel access\".**

**\[15\] 3GPP TS 38.306: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio access
capabilities\".**

\[16\] 3GPP TS 38.104: \"NR; Base Station (BS) radio transmission and
reception\".

**\[17\] 3GPP TS 23.256: \"Support of Uncrewed Aerial Systems (UAS)
connectivity, identification and tracking; Stage 2\".**

**\[18\] ECC Decision(22)07, \"Harmonised technical conditions for the
usage of aerial UE for communications based on LTE and 5G NR in the
bands 703-733 MHz, 832-862 MHz, 880-915 MHz, 1710-1785 MHz, 1920-1980
MHz, 2500-2570 MHz and 2570-2620 MHz harmonised for MFCN\", 18 November
22.**

\[19\] ECC Decision(20)02: \"Harmonised use of the paired frequency
bands 874.4-880.0 MHz and 919.4-925.0 MHz and of the unpaired frequency
band 1900-1910 MHz for Railway Mobile Radio (RMR)\"

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in
the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
term, if any, in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\].

**Aerial UE:** A UE supporting UAS (Uncrewed Aircraft Systems) as
indicated by the capability *aerialUE-Capability-r18* \[15\] and that
has an aerial subscription as described in TS 23.256 \[17\]. The UE is
considered to have access to UAS services after the UE ha performed a
successful authentication and authorization with the USS as described in
TS 23.256 \[17\].

**Aggregated Allocation Bandwidth:** Total bandwidth of all allocated
RBs in a transmission occasion. Can be calculated for two aggregated CCs
as L~CRB,\ 1~\* 12\* SCS~1~ + L~CRB,2~ \* 12 \* SCS~2~ .

**Aggregated Channel Bandwidth**: The RF bandwidth in which a UE
transmits and receives multiple contiguously aggregated carriers.

**ATG UE**: The terminals or user equipments which are mounted in
aircraft and support ATG feature (i.e. UE capability
*airToGroundNetwork-r18*) as defined in clause 4.2.2 from
TS38.306\[15\].

**Carrier aggregation**: Aggregation of two or more component carriers
in order to support wider transmission bandwidths.

**Carrier aggregation band**: A set of one or more operating bands
across which multiple carriers are aggregated with a specific set of
technical requirements.

**Carrier aggregation bandwidth class**: A class defined by the
aggregated transmission bandwidth configuration and maximum number of
component carriers supported by a UE.

**Carrier aggregation configuration**: A combination of CA operating
band(s) and CA bandwidth class(es) supported by a UE.

**Concurrent operation**: The simultaneous transmission and reception of
sidelink and Uu interfaces while operation is agnostic of the service
used on each interface.

**Contiguous carriers**: A set of two or more carriers configured in a
spectrum block where there are no RF requirements based on co-existence
for un-coordinated operation within the spectrum block.

**Contiguous resource allocation**: A resource allocation of consecutive
resource blocks within one carrier or across contiguously aggregated
carriers. The gap between contiguously aggregated carriers due to the
nominal channel spacing is allowed.

**Contiguous spectrum**: Spectrum consisting of a contiguous block of
spectrum with no sub-block gap(s).

**Enhanced channel raster**: channel raster with a 10 kHz granularity in
bands with a 100 kHz channel raster.

**eRedCap UE**: The UE with enhanced reduced capabilities as defined in
clause 4.2.22.1 from TS38.306 \[15\].

**Inter-band carrier aggregation:** Carrier aggregation of component
carriers in different operating bands.

NOTE: Carriers aggregated in each band can be contiguous or
non-contiguous.

**Inter-band concurrent operation:** Operation of NR Uu carrier and NR
Sidelink carrier in different operating bands**.**

**Intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation**: Contiguous carriers
aggregated in the same operating band.

**Intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation**: Non-contiguous
carriers aggregated in the same operating band.

**Intra-band SL CA UE:** UE that supports NR SL CA operation in a single
band

**NR SL CA:** Aggregation of two or more NR Sidelink component carriers
in order to support wider transmission bandwidths

**NR SL inter-band concurrent operating Band**：Band combinations of NR
Uu carrier and NR Sidelink carrier in different operating bands**.**

**NR SL-U UE: UE that supports NR Sidelink operation in unlicensed bands
(e.g. n46, n96, n102).**

**Railway Mobile Radio:** railway operations encompassing GSM-R and its
successor(s), including the Future Railway Mobile Communication System
(FRMCS); in the context of this specification the Railway Mobile Radio
is limited to NR operation in band n100, or n101.

**RedCap UE**: The UE with reduced capabilities as defined in clause
4.2.21.1 from TS38.306 \[15\].

**Sub-band: For a UE that supports shared spectrum channel access in
wideband operation, a sub-band is the set of RBs within an approximately
20 MHz segment of the channel where the wideband channel is uniformly
divided into an integer number of 20 MHz sub-bands. Sub-bands may be
separately allocated in uplink and downlink.**

**Sub-block**: This is one contiguous allocated block of spectrum for
transmission and reception by the same UE. There may be multiple
instances of sub-blocks within an RF bandwidth.

**Sub-block bandwidth**: The bandwidth of one sub-block.

**Sub-block gap**: A frequency gap between two consecutive sub-blocks
within an RF bandwidth, where the RF requirements in the gap are based
on co-existence for un-coordinated operation.

**Two Rx antenna port XR UE: A non-(e)RedCap XR UE that is equipped with
only two Rx antenna ports in frequency band(s) where 4 Rx antenna ports
are required. The UE is intended to be worn on human head. When in use,
is intended to be supported only by/behind the ears and by a nose-bridge
resulting in a constrained form factor with limited volume available for
Rx chains.**

**UE transmission bandwidth configuration**: Set of resource blocks
located within the UE channel bandwidth which may be used for
transmitting or receiving by the UE.

**Vehicular UE:** A UE embedded in a vehicle, permanently connected to
an embedded antenna system that radiates externally for NR operating
bands.

NOTE: Vehicular UE does not refer to other UE form factors placed inside
the vehicle.

**Wideband operation:** For a UE that supports shared spectrum channel
access, wideband operation refers to operation within a channel larger
than 20 MHz in which intra-cell guard bands may be configured to
distinguish individual RB-sets

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

ΔF~Global~ Granularity of the global frequency raster

ΔF~Raster~ Band dependent channel raster granularity

Δf~OOB~ Δ Frequency of Out Of Band emission

ΔF~TX-RX~ Maximum deviation to the Tx-Rx carrier center frequency
separation for asymmetric uplink/downlink channel bandwidth operation

∆MPR~c~ Allowed Maximum Power Reduction relaxation for serving cell *c*

ΔP~PowerClass~ Adjustment to maximum output power for a given power
class

∆~RB~ The starting frequency offset between the allocated RB and the
measured non-allocated RB

ΔR~IB,c~ Allowed reference sensitivity relaxation due to support for
inter-band CA operation, for serving cell *c*

ΔR~IBC~ Allowed relaxation to the power class 3 reference sensitivity
level due to support for intra-band contiguous CA operation

ΔR~IBNC~ Allowed relaxation to the power class 3 reference sensitivity
level due to support for intra-band non-contiguous CA operation

ΔR~IB,4R~ Reference sensitivity adjustment due to support for 4 antenna
ports

ΔR~IB,8R~ Reference sensitivity adjustment due to support for 8 antenna
ports

**ΔR~1R\ ~**Reference sensitivity adjustment due to support for 1
antenna ports

ΔR~XR,2R~ Reference sensitivity adjustment for two antenna ports XR UEs
on bands defined in Table 7.3.2-2b

Δ~Shift~ Channel raster offset

∆T~C~ Allowed operating band edge transmission power relaxation

∆T~C,*c*~ Allowed operating band edge transmission power relaxation for
serving cell *c*

ΔT~IB,c~ Allowed maximum configured output power relaxation due to
support for inter-band CA operation, inter-band NR-DC operation and due
to support for SUL operations, for serving cell *c*

BW~Channel~ Channel bandwidth

BW~Channel,block~ Sub-block bandwidth, expressed in MHz.
BW~Channel,block~= F~edge,block,high~- F~edge,block,low~

BW~Channel\_CA~ Aggregated channel bandwidth, expressed in MHz

BW~Channel,max~ Maximum channel bandwidth supported among all bands in a
release

BW~GB~ max(GB~Channel,low~, GB~Channel,high~)

BW~DL~ Channel bandwidth for DL

BW~UL~ Channel bandwidth for UL

BW~interferer~ Bandwidth of the interferer

Ceil(x) Rounding upwards; ceil(x) is the smallest integer such that
ceil(x) ≥ x

Floor(x) Rounding downwards; floor(x) is the greatest integer such that
floor(x) ≤ x

F~C~ Center frequency of a carrier for a numerology defined by the *RF
reference frequency* on the channel raster mapped to the carrier
according to sub-clause 5.4.2.2**F~C,block,\ high~** Fc of the highest
transmitted/received carrier in a *sub-block*

**F~C,block,\ low~** Fc of the lowest transmitted/received carrier in a
*sub-block*

F~C,low~ The Fc of the lowest carrier, expressed in MHz

F~C,high~ The Fc of the highest carrier, expressed in MHz

F~DL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the downlink *operating band*

F~DL\_high~ The highest frequency of the downlink *operating band*

F~UL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the uplink *operating band*

F~UL\_high~ The highest frequency of the uplink *operating band*

F~edge,block,low~ The lower *sub-block* edge, where F~edge,block,low~ =
F~C,block,low~ - F~offset,\ low.~

F~edge,block,high~ The upper *sub-block* edge, where F~edge,block,high~
= F~C,block,high~ + F~offset,\ high.~

F~edge\ ,\ low~ The *lower edge* of *aggregated channel bandwidth*,
expressed in MHz. F~edge,low~ = F~C,low~ - F~offset,low.~

F~edge,\ high~ The *higher edge* of *aggregated channel bandwidth*,
expressed in MHz. F~edge,high~ = F~C,high~ + F~offset,high.~

F~Interferer~ (offset) Frequency offset of the interferer (between the
center frequency of the interferer and the carrier frequency of the
carrier measured). For intra-band contiguous CA, the F~Interferer~
(offset) is the frequency separation of the center frequency of the
carrier closest to the interferer and the center frequency of the
interferer

F~Interferer~ Frequency of the interferer

F~Ioffset~ Frequency offset of the interferer (between the center
frequency of the interferer and the closest edge of the carrier
measured)

F~offset~ Frequency offset from F~C\_high~ to the *higher edge* or
F~C\_low~ to the *lower edge.*

F~offset,high~ Frequency offset from F~C,high~ to the upper *UE RF
Bandwidth edge*, or from **F~C,block,\ high\ ~**to the upper sub-block
edge

F~offset,low~ Frequency offset from F~C,low~ to the lower *UE RF
Bandwidth edge*, or from **F~C,block,\ low\ ~**to the lower sub-block
edge

F~OOB~ The boundary between the NR out of band emission and spurious
emission domains

F~REF~ RF reference frequency

F~REF-Offs~ Offset used for calculating F~REF~

F~REF,\ shift~ RF reference frequency for Supplementary Uplink (SUL)
bands, the uplink of all FDD bands, and TDD bands

F~uw~ (offset) The frequency separation of the center frequency of the
carrier closest to the interferer and the center frequency of the
interferer

G~n100post\ connector~ Declared value of the post chipset unit antenna
connector gain for band n100, used for conversion of the radiated
requirement into a conducted requirement (see principles described in
annex M)

G~n101post\ connector~ Declared value of the post chipset unit antenna
connector gain for band n101, used for conversion of the radiated
requirement into a conducted requirement (see principles described in
annex M)

GB~Channel~ Minimum guard band defined in clause 5.3.3, expressed in kHz

GB~Channel(i)~ Minimum guard band defined in clause 5.3.3 of carrier *i*

GB~Channel,low~ Minimum guard band defined in clause 5.3.3 for the
lowest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.3

GB~Channel,high~ Minimum guard band defined in clause 5.3.3 for the
highest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.3

L~CRB~ Transmission bandwidth which represents the length of a
contiguous resource block allocation expressed in units of resources
blocks

Max() The largest of given numbers

Min() The smallest of given numbers

Physical resource block number

NR~ACLR~ NR ACLR

N~RB~ Transmission bandwidth configuration, expressed in units of
resource blocks

N~RB\_agg~ The number of the aggregated RBs within the fully allocated
aggregated channel bandwidth

$N_{RB_{\_ agg}} = \sum_{i = 1}^{j}{N_{RB_{i}}*2^{\mu_{i}}}$ for carrier
1 to j, where *μ* is defined in TS 38.211 \[6\]

N~RB,c~ The transmission bandwidth configuration of component carrier c,
expressed in units of resource blocks

$N_{RB,cj} = N_{RB_{j}}*2^{\mu_{j}}$ for carrier j, where *μ* is defined
in TS 38.211 \[6\]

N~RB,largest\ BW~ The largest transmission bandwidth configuration of
the component carriers in the bandwidth combination, expressed in units
of resource blocks

N~RB,low~ The transmission bandwidth configurations according to Table
5.3.2-1 for the lowest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.1

N~RB,high~ The transmission bandwidth configurations according to Table
5.3.2-1 for the highest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.1

N~REF~ NR Absolute Radio Frequency Channel Number (NR-ARFCN)

N~REF-Offs~ Offset used for calculating N~REF~

P~CMAX~ The configured maximum UE output power

P~CMAX~, *~c~* The configured maximum UE output power for serving cell
*c*

P~CMAX~, *~f~*, *~c~* The configured maximum UE output power for carrier
*f* of serving cell *c* in each slot

P~EMAX~ Maximum allowed UE output power signalled by higher layers

P~EMAX,\ *c*~ Maximum allowed UE output power signalled by higher layers
for serving cell *c*

P~Interferer~ Modulated mean power of the interferer

P~largest\ BW~ Power of the largest transmission bandwidth configuration
of the component carriers in the bandwidth combination

P~PowerClass~ The nominal UE power (i.e., no tolerance)

P~max,c,AC~ Maximum output power defined as the sum of measurement of
all antenna connectors

P~max,c,TABC~ Maximum carrier output power defined as the sum of
measurement of all TAB connectors

P~rated,c,AC~ Rated maximum output power defined as the sum of power
over all antenna connectors

P~rated,c,TABC~ Rated maximum output power defined as the sum of power
over all TAB connectors

P-MPR*~c~* Power Management Maximum Power Reduction for serving cell *c*

P~RB~ The transmitted power per allocated RB, measured in dBm

P~REFSENS\_SL~ The REFSENS power for Sidelink

P~UMAX~ The measured configured maximum UE output power

Puw Power of an unwanted DL signal

Pw Power of a wanted DL signal

RB~start~ The lowest RB index of transmitted resource blocks

RB~start\_CA~ The lowest RB index of transmitted resource blocks for
intra-band contiguous CA

SCS~c~ SCS for the component carrier c, expressed in kHz

SCS~largest\ BW~ SCS for the largest transmission bandwidth
configuration of the component carriers in the bandwidth combination,
expressed in kHz

SCS~low~ SCS for the lowest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.1,
expressed in kHz

SCS~high~ SCS for the highest assigned component carrier in clause
5.3A.1, expressed in kHz

*tp* Transient Period value signalled by the UE

*tp~start~* Start position of transient period relative to the symbol
boundary

T(P~CMAX~, *~f~*, *~c~*) Tolerance for applicable values of P~CMAX~,
*~f~*, *~c~* for configured maximum UE output power for carrier *f* of
serving cell *c*

T~L,c~ Absolute value of the lower tolerance for the applicable
*operating band* as specified in clause 6.2.1

SS~REF~ SS block reference frequency position

UTRA~ACLR~ UTRA ACLR

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in
the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\].

ACLR Adjacent Channel Leakage Ratio

ACS Adjacent Channel Selectivity

A-MPR Additional Maximum Power Reduction

ATG Air-To-Ground

BS Base Station

BW Bandwidth

BWP Bandwidth Part

CA Carrier Aggregation

CA\_nX-nY Inter-band CA of component carrier(s) in one sub-block within
Band nX and component carrier(s) in one sub-block within Band nY where
nX and nY are the applicable NR *operating bands*

CC Component Carriers

CG Carrier Group

CP-OFDM Cyclic Prefix-OFDM

CW Continuous Wave

DC Dual Connectivity

DFT-s-OFDM Discrete Fourier Transform-spread-OFDM

DM-RS Demodulation Reference Signal

DTX Discontinuous Transmission

E-UTRA Evolved UTRA

EIRP Equivalent Isotropically Radiated Power

(e)RedCap Redcap or eRedCap

eRedCap enhanced Reduced Capability

EVM Error Vector Magnitude

FR Frequency Range

FRC Fixed Reference Channel

FRMCS Future Railway Mobile Communication System

FWA Fixed Wireless Access

GSCN Global Synchronization Channel Number

HD Half Duplex

IBB In-band Blocking

IDFT Inverse Discrete Fourier Transformation

ITS Intelligent Transportation System

ITU‑R Radiocommunication Sector of the International Telecommunication
Union

MBW Measurement bandwidth

MCG Master Cell Group

MOP Maximum Output Power

MPR Allowed maximum power reduction

MSD Maximum Sensitivity Degradation

NR New Radio

NR-ARFCN NR Absolute Radio Frequency Channel Number

NS Network Signalling

OCNG OFDMA Channel Noise Generator

OOB Out-of-band

P-MPR Power Management Maximum Power Reduction

PRB Physical Resource Block

PS Public Safety

PSBCH Physical Sidelink Broadcast CHannel

PSCCH Physical Sidelink Control CHannel

PSFCH Physical Sidelink Feedback CHannel

PSSCH Physical Sidelink Shared CHannel

QAM Quadrature Amplitude Modulation

RE Resource Element

REFSENS Reference Sensitivity

RedCap Reduced Capability

RF Radio Frequency

RMR Railway Mobile Radio

RMS Root Mean Square (value)

RSRP Reference Signal Receiving PowerRx Receiver

Rx Receiver

SC Single Carrier

SCG Secondary Cell Group

SCS Subcarrier spacing

SDL Supplementary Downlink

SEM Spectrum Emission Mask

SL Sidelink

SL-MIMO Sidelink-Multiple Antenna transmission

SL-U **Sidelink at unlicensed band**

SNR Signal-to-Noise Ratio

SRS Sounding Reference Symbol

SS Synchronization Symbol

S-SSB Sidelink Synchronization Signal Block

SUL Supplementary uplink

TAB Transceiver Array Boundary

TAE Time Alignment Error

TAG Timing Advance Group

Tx Transmitter

TxD Tx Diversity

UAS Uncrewed Aircraft Systems

UAV Uncrewed Aerial Vehicle

UL MIMO Uplink Multiple Antenna transmission

ULFPTx Uplink Full Power Transmission

USS UAS Service Supplier

V2X Vehicle to Everything

XR eXtended Reality

4 General
=========

4.1 Relationship between minimum requirements and test requirements
-------------------------------------------------------------------

The present document is a Single-RAT specification for NR UE, covering
RF characteristics and minimum performance requirements. Conformance to
the present specification is demonstrated by fulfilling the test
requirements specified in the conformance specification 3GPP TS 38.521-1
\[4\].

The Minimum Requirements given in this specification make no allowance
for measurement uncertainty. The test specification TS 38.521-1 \[4\]
defines test tolerances. These test tolerances are individually
calculated for each test. The test tolerances are used to relax the
minimum requirements in this specification to create test requirements.
For some requirements, including regulatory requirements, the test
tolerance is set to zero.

The measurement results returned by the test system are compared -
without any modification - against the test requirements as defined by
the shared risk principle.

The shared risk principle is defined in Recommendation ITU‑R M.1545
\[5\].

4.2 Applicability of minimum requirements
-----------------------------------------

a\) In this specification the Minimum Requirements are specified as
general requirements and additional requirements. Where the Requirement
is specified as a general requirement, the requirement is mandated to be
met in all scenarios

b\) For specific scenarios for which an additional requirement is
specified, in addition to meeting the general requirement, the UE is
mandated to meet the additional requirements.

c\) The spurious emissions power requirements are for the long-term
average of the power. For the purpose of reducing measurement
uncertainty it is acceptable to average the measured power over a period
of time sufficient to reduce the uncertainty due to the statistical
nature of the signal

d\) All the requirements for intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous CA
apply under the assumption of the same slot format indicated by
*TDD-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon and TDD-UL-DL-ConfigurationDedicated* in
the PCell and SCells for NR SA.

e\) The requirements for Tx diversity are applied for UE which indicates
Tx diversity capability by IE *txDiversity-r16*, *txDiversity2Tx-r18* or
*txDiversity4Tx-r18*. 2Tx requirements for TxD should be applied to UE
indicating *txDiversity-r16* or *txDiversity2Tx-r18*, and 4Tx
requirements should be applied to UE indicating *txDiversity4Tx-r18*.

f\) All the requirements for intra-band contiguous SL CA apply under the
assumption of the same subcarrier spacing for SL CA.

4.3 Specification suffix information
------------------------------------

Unless stated otherwise, the suffixes shown in Table 4.3-1 are used for
indicating at 2^nd^ level clause. For shared spectrum channel access,
suffixes A, B, and D are used for indicating at 3^rd^ level clause. For
V2X, suffixes A and F are used for indicating at 3^rd^ level clause.

Table 4.3-1: Definition of suffixes

  Clause suffix   Variant
  --------------- --------------------------------------------
  None            Single Carrier
  A               Carrier Aggregation (CA)
  B               Dual-Connectivity (DC)
  C               Supplementary Uplink (SUL)
  D               UL MIMO
  E               V2X
  F               Shared spectrum channel access
  G               Tx Diversity (TxD)
  H               Carrier Aggregation (CA) with UL MIMO
  I               (e)RedCap
  J               ATG
  K               Aerial UE (UAV)
  L               Carrier Aggregation (CA) with Tx Diversity

A terminal which supports the above features needs to meet both the
general requirements and the additional requirement applicable to the
additional clause (suffixes A to L) in clauses 5, 6 and 7. Where there
is a difference in requirement between the general requirements and the
additional clause requirements (suffixes A to L) in clauses 5, 6 and 7,
the tighter requirements are applicable unless stated otherwise in the
additional clause.

A terminal which supports advanced V2X services, public safety services
and other commercial use cases related to NR sidelink operation shall
meet all of the separate corresponding requirements in suffix E.

For a terminal that supports SUL for the band combination specified in
Table 5.2C-1, the current version of the specification assumes the
terminal is configured with active transmission either on UL carrier or
SUL carrier at any time in one serving cell and the UE requirements for
single carrier shall apply for the active UL or SUL carrier accordingly.

For a terminal that supports public safety service using sidelink, the
minimum requirements are applicable when

\- The UE is associated with a serving cell on PS carrier, or

\- The UE is not associated with a serving cell on the PS carrier and is
provisioned with the preconfigured radio parameters for PS that are
associated with known Geographical Area, or

\- The UE is associated with a serving cell on a carrier different than
the PS carrier, and the radio parameters for PS that are provided by the
serving cell, or

\- The UE is associated with a serving cell on a carrier different than
the PS carrier, and has a non-serving cell selected on the PS carrier
with the preconfigured radio parameters.

When the advanced-V2X or PS UE is not associated with a serving cell on
the V2X or PS carrier, and the UE does not have knowledge of its
geographical area, or is provisioned with preconfigured radio parameters
that are not associated with any Geographical Area, V2X or PS UE'
transmissions are not allowed, and the requirements in Section 6.3E.2
apply.

For a terminal that supports operation in shared spectrum, the current
version of this specification assumes in the uplink sub-bands within a
wideband channel shall be contiguously allocated to the UE. The uplink
requirements for one or more non-transmitted sub-bands between two
transmitted sub-bands does not form a part of the current version of
this specification.

Terminal that supports inter-band NR-DC configuration shall meet the
minimum requirements for corresponding CA configuration (suffix A),
unless otherwise specified.

For a terminal that supports inter-band Carrier Aggregation (CA) with UL
MIMO or Tx diversity operation, the requirements are targeted for FWA
form factor in current version of specification.

A terminal which supports intra-band contiguous UL CA with UL MIMO shall
meet the corresponding requirements in suffix H with all UL CCs with UL
MIMO.

A terminal which supports inter-band UL CA with UL MIMO shall meet the
corresponding requirements in suffix H with all UL CCs with UL MIMO for
the frequency band(s) said to be with UL MIMO.

5 Operating bands and channel arrangement
=========================================

5.1 General
-----------

The channel arrangements presented in this clause are based on the
operating bands and channel bandwidths defined in the present release of
specifications.

NOTE: Other operating bands and channel bandwidths may be considered in
future releases.

Requirements throughout the RF specifications are in many cases defined
separately for different frequency ranges (FR). The frequency ranges in
which NR can operate according to this version of the specification are
identified as described in Table 5.1-1. Whenever the FR2 is referred,
both FR2-1 and FR2-2 frequency sub-ranges shall be considered, unless
otherwise stated.

Table 5.1-1: Definition of frequency ranges

  Frequency range designation   Corresponding frequency range   
  ----------------------------- ------------------------------- ------------------------
  FR1                           410 MHz -- 7125 MHz             
  FR2                           FR2-1                           24250 MHz -- 52600 MHz
                                FR2-2                           52600 MHz -- 71000 MHz

The present specification covers FR1 operating bands.

5.2 Operating bands
-------------------

NR is designed to operate in the FR1 operating bands defined in
Table 5.2-1.

Table 5.2-1: NR operating bands in FR1

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| NR operating    | Uplink (UL)     | Downlink (DL)   | Duplex Mode |
| band            | *operating      | *operating      |             |
|                 | band*\          | band*\          |             |
|                 | BS receive / UE | BS transmit /   |             |
|                 | transmit        | UE receive      |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
|                 | F~UL\_low~ --   | F~DL\_low~ --   |             |
|                 | F~UL\_high~     | F~DL\_high~     |             |
+=================+=================+=================+=============+
| n1              | 1920 MHz --     | 2110 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1980 MHz        | 2170 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n2              | 1850 MHz --     | 1930 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1910 MHz        | 1990 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n3              | 1710 MHz --     | 1805 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1785 MHz        | 1880 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n5              | 824 MHz -- 849  | 869 MHz -- 894  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n7              | 2500 MHz --     | 2620 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 2570 MHz        | 2690 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n8              | 880 MHz -- 915  | 925 MHz -- 960  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n12             | 699 MHz -- 716  | 729 MHz -- 746  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n13             | 777 MHz -- 787  | 746 MHz -- 756  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n14             | 788 MHz -- 798  | 758 MHz -- 768  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n18             | 815 MHz -- 830  | 860 MHz -- 875  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n20             | 832 MHz -- 862  | 791 MHz -- 821  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n24^16^         | 1626.5 MHz --   | 1525 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1660.5 MHz      | 1559 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n25             | 1850 MHz --     | 1930 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1915 MHz        | 1995 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n26             | 814 MHz -- 849  | 859 MHz -- 894  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n28             | 703 MHz -- 748  | 758 MHz -- 803  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n29^19^         | N/A             | 717 MHz -- 728  | SDL         |
|                 |                 | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n30^3^          | 2305 MHz --     | 2350 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 2315 MHz        | 2360 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n31             | 452.5 MHz --    | 462.5 MHz --    | FDD         |
|                 | 457.5 MHz       | 467.5 MHz       |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n34             | 2010 MHz --     | 2010 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2025 MHz        | 2025 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n38^10^         | 2570 MHz --     | 2570 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2620 MHz        | 2620 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n39             | 1880 MHz --     | 1880 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1920 MHz        | 1920 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n40             | 2300 MHz --     | 2300 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2400 MHz        | 2400 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n41             | 2496 MHz --     | 2496 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2690 MHz        | 2690 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n46^13^         | 5150 MHz --     | 5150 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 5925 MHz        | 5925 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n47^11^         | 5855 MHz --     | 5855 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 5925 MHz        | 5925 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n48             | 3550 MHz --     | 3550 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 3700 MHz        | 3700 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n50^1^          | 1432 MHz --     | 1432 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1517 MHz        | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n51             | 1427 MHz --     | 1427 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1432 MHz        | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n53             | 2483.5 MHz --   | 2483.5 MHz --   | TDD         |
|                 | 2495 MHz        | 2495 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n54             | 1670 MHz --     | 1670 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1675 MHz        | 1675 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n65^4^          | 1920 MHz --     | 2110 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 2010 MHz        | 2200 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n66^6,7^        | 1710 MHz --     | 2110 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1780 MHz        | 2200 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n67^19^         | N/A             | 738 MHz -- 758  | SDL         |
|                 |                 | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n70             | 1695 MHz --     | 1995 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1710 MHz        | 2020 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n71             | 663 MHz -- 698  | 617 MHz -- 652  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n72             | 451 MHz -- 456  | 461 MHz -- 466  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n74             | 1427 MHz --     | 1475 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1470 MHz        | 1518 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n75^2,19^       | N/A             | 1432 MHz --     | SDL         |
|                 |                 | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n76^19^         | N/A             | 1427 MHz --     | SDL         |
|                 |                 | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n77^12^         | 3300 MHz --     | 3300 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 4200 MHz        | 4200 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n78             | 3300 MHz --     | 3300 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 3800 MHz        | 3800 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n79^17^         | 4400 MHz --     | 4400 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 5000 MHz        | 5000 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n80             | 1710 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1785 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n81             | 880 MHz -- 915  | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | MHz             |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n82             | 832 MHz -- 862  | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | MHz             |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n83             | 703 MHz -- 748  | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | MHz             |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n84             | 1920 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1980 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n85             | 698 MHz -- 716  | 728 MHz -- 746  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n86             | 1710 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1780 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n89             | 824 MHz -- 849  | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | MHz             |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n90^5^          | 2496 MHz --     | 2496 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2690 MHz        | 2690 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n91^9^          | 832 MHz -- 862  | 1427 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n92^9^          | 832 MHz -- 862  | 1432 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n93^9^          | 880 MHz -- 915  | 1427 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n94^9^          | 880 MHz -- 915  | 1432 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n95^8^          | 2010 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 2025 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n96^13,14^      | 5925 MHz --     | 5925 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 7125 MHz        | 7125 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n97^15^         | 2300 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 2400 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n98^15^         | 1880 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1920 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n99^22^         | 1626.5 MHz --   | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1660.5 MHz      |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n100^21^        | 874.4 MHz --    | 919.4 MHz --    | FDD         |
|                 | 880 MHz         | 925 MHz         |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n101^21^        | 1900 MHz --     | 1900 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1910 MHz        | 1910 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n102^13,14^     | 5925 MHz --     | 5925 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 6425 MHz        | 6425 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n104^17,18^     | 6425 MHz --     | 6425 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 7125 MHz        | 7125 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n105            | 663 MHz -- 703  | 612 MHz -- 652  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n106            | 896 MHz -- 901  | 935 MHz -- 940  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n109^9^         | 703 MHz -- 733  | 1432 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: UE that |                 |                 |             |
| complies with   |                 |                 |             |
| the NR Band n50 |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements in |                 |                 |             |
| this            |                 |                 |             |
| specification   |                 |                 |             |
| shall also      |                 |                 |             |
| comply with the |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n51     |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 2: UE that |                 |                 |             |
| complies with   |                 |                 |             |
| the NR Band n75 |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements in |                 |                 |             |
| this            |                 |                 |             |
| specification   |                 |                 |             |
| shall also      |                 |                 |             |
| comply with the |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n76     |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 3: Uplink  |                 |                 |             |
| transmission is |                 |                 |             |
| not allowed at  |                 |                 |             |
| this band for   |                 |                 |             |
| UE with         |                 |                 |             |
| external        |                 |                 |             |
| vehicle-mounted |                 |                 |             |
| antennas.       |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 4: A UE    |                 |                 |             |
| that complies   |                 |                 |             |
| with the NR     |                 |                 |             |
| Band n65        |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements in |                 |                 |             |
| this            |                 |                 |             |
| specification   |                 |                 |             |
| shall also      |                 |                 |             |
| comply with the |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n1      |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 5: Unless  |                 |                 |             |
| otherwise       |                 |                 |             |
| stated, the     |                 |                 |             |
| applicability   |                 |                 |             |
| of requirements |                 |                 |             |
| for Band n90 is |                 |                 |             |
| in accordance   |                 |                 |             |
| with that for   |                 |                 |             |
| Band n41; a UE  |                 |                 |             |
| supporting Band |                 |                 |             |
| n90 shall meet  |                 |                 |             |
| the             |                 |                 |             |
| requirements    |                 |                 |             |
| for Band n41. A |                 |                 |             |
| UE supporting   |                 |                 |             |
| Band n90 shall  |                 |                 |             |
| also support    |                 |                 |             |
| band n41.       |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 6: A UE    |                 |                 |             |
| that supports   |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n66     |                 |                 |             |
| shall receive   |                 |                 |             |
| in the entire   |                 |                 |             |
| DL operating    |                 |                 |             |
| band.           |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 7: A UE    |                 |                 |             |
| that supports   |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n66 and |                 |                 |             |
| CA operation in |                 |                 |             |
| any CA band     |                 |                 |             |
| shall also      |                 |                 |             |
| comply with the |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements    |                 |                 |             |
| specified for   |                 |                 |             |
| the DL CA       |                 |                 |             |
| configurations  |                 |                 |             |
| CA\_n66B and    |                 |                 |             |
| CA\_n66(2A) in  |                 |                 |             |
| the current     |                 |                 |             |
| version of the  |                 |                 |             |
| specification.  |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 8: This    |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable in   |                 |                 |             |
| China only.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 9:         |                 |                 |             |
| Variable duplex |                 |                 |             |
| operation does  |                 |                 |             |
| not enable      |                 |                 |             |
| dynamic         |                 |                 |             |
| variable duplex |                 |                 |             |
| configuration   |                 |                 |             |
| by the network, |                 |                 |             |
| and is used     |                 |                 |             |
| such that DL    |                 |                 |             |
| and UL          |                 |                 |             |
| frequency       |                 |                 |             |
| ranges are      |                 |                 |             |
| supported       |                 |                 |             |
| independently   |                 |                 |             |
| in any valid    |                 |                 |             |
| frequency range |                 |                 |             |
| for the band.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 10: When   |                 |                 |             |
| this band is    |                 |                 |             |
| used for V2X SL |                 |                 |             |
| service, the    |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| exclusively     |                 |                 |             |
| used for NR V2X |                 |                 |             |
| in particular   |                 |                 |             |
| regions.        |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 11: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| unlicensed band |                 |                 |             |
| used for V2X    |                 |                 |             |
| service. There  |                 |                 |             |
| is no expected  |                 |                 |             |
| network         |                 |                 |             |
| deployment in   |                 |                 |             |
| this band.      |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 12: In the |                 |                 |             |
| USA this band   |                 |                 |             |
| is restricted   |                 |                 |             |
| to 3450 -- 3550 |                 |                 |             |
| MHz and 3700 -- |                 |                 |             |
| 3980 MHz. In    |                 |                 |             |
| Canada this     |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| 3450 -- 3650    |                 |                 |             |
| MHz and 3650 -- |                 |                 |             |
| 3980 MHz.       |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 13: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| operation with  |                 |                 |             |
| shared spectrum |                 |                 |             |
| channel access  |                 |                 |             |
| as defined in   |                 |                 |             |
| TS 37.213       |                 |                 |             |
| \[14\].         |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 14: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable only |                 |                 |             |
| in              |                 |                 |             |
| co              |                 |                 |             |
| untries/regions |                 |                 |             |
| designating     |                 |                 |             |
| this band for   |                 |                 |             |
| shared-spectrum |                 |                 |             |
| access use      |                 |                 |             |
| subject to      |                 |                 |             |
| c               |                 |                 |             |
| ountry-specific |                 |                 |             |
| conditions.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 15: The    |                 |                 |             |
| requirements    |                 |                 |             |
| for this band   |                 |                 |             |
| are applicable  |                 |                 |             |
| only where no   |                 |                 |             |
| other NR or     |                 |                 |             |
| E-UTRA TDD      |                 |                 |             |
| operating       |                 |                 |             |
| band(s) are     |                 |                 |             |
| used within the |                 |                 |             |
| frequency range |                 |                 |             |
| of this band in |                 |                 |             |
| the same        |                 |                 |             |
| geographical    |                 |                 |             |
| area. For       |                 |                 |             |
| scenarios where |                 |                 |             |
| other NR or     |                 |                 |             |
| E-UTRA TDD      |                 |                 |             |
| operating       |                 |                 |             |
| band(s) are     |                 |                 |             |
| used within the |                 |                 |             |
| frequency range |                 |                 |             |
| of this band in |                 |                 |             |
| the same        |                 |                 |             |
| geographical    |                 |                 |             |
| area, special   |                 |                 |             |
| co-existence    |                 |                 |             |
| requirements    |                 |                 |             |
| may apply that  |                 |                 |             |
| are not covered |                 |                 |             |
| by the 3GPP     |                 |                 |             |
| specifications. |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 16: DL     |                 |                 |             |
| operation in    |                 |                 |             |
| this band is    |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| 1526 -- 1536    |                 |                 |             |
| MHz and UL      |                 |                 |             |
| operation is    |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| 1627.5 --       |                 |                 |             |
| 1637.5 MHz and  |                 |                 |             |
| 1646.5 --       |                 |                 |             |
| 1656.5 MHz.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 17: For    |                 |                 |             |
| this band,      |                 |                 |             |
| CORESET\#0      |                 |                 |             |
| values from     |                 |                 |             |
| Table 13-5 or   |                 |                 |             |
| Table 13-6 in   |                 |                 |             |
| \[8, TS         |                 |                 |             |
| 38.213\] are    |                 |                 |             |
| applied         |                 |                 |             |
| regardless of   |                 |                 |             |
| the minimum     |                 |                 |             |
| channel         |                 |                 |             |
| bandwidth.      |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 18: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable only |                 |                 |             |
| in              |                 |                 |             |
| co              |                 |                 |             |
| untries/regions |                 |                 |             |
| designating     |                 |                 |             |
| this band for   |                 |                 |             |
| IMT licensed    |                 |                 |             |
| operation       |                 |                 |             |
| subject to      |                 |                 |             |
| c               |                 |                 |             |
| ountry-specific |                 |                 |             |
| conditions.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 19: For    |                 |                 |             |
| SDL bands,      |                 |                 |             |
| downlink        |                 |                 |             |
| configuration   |                 |                 |             |
| for RRM         |                 |                 |             |
| performance     |                 |                 |             |
| testing is same |                 |                 |             |
| as FDD.         |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 20:        |                 |                 |             |
| Operating band  |                 |                 |             |
| n200 is a       |                 |                 |             |
| reserved value. |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 21: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable only |                 |                 |             |
| in countries    |                 |                 |             |
| subject to ECC  |                 |                 |             |
| Decision (20)02 |                 |                 |             |
| \[19\], for the |                 |                 |             |
| FRMCS           |                 |                 |             |
| application.    |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 22: UL     |                 |                 |             |
| operation in    |                 |                 |             |
| this band is    |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| 1627.5 --       |                 |                 |             |
| 1637.5 MHz and  |                 |                 |             |
| 1646.5 --       |                 |                 |             |
| 1656.5 MHz.     |                 |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+

5.2A Operating bands for CA
---------------------------

### 5.2A.0 General

CA operating bands including Band n90 are defined by the corresponding
CA operating bands including Band n41 with Band n90 replacing Band n41.
For brevity the said CA operating bands including Band n90 are not
listed in the tables below but are covered by this specification.

### 5.2A.1 Intra-band CA

NR intra-band carrier aggregation is designed to operate in the
operating bands defined in Table 5.2A.1-1 and Table 5.2A.1-2, where all
operating bands are within FR1.

Table 5.2A.1-1: Intra-band contiguous CA operating bands in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR CA Band                                          | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| CA\_n1                                              | n1            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n2                                              | n2            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n3                                              | n3            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n5                                              | n5            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n7                                              | n7            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n25                                             | n25           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n38                                             | n38           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n40                                             | n40           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n41                                             | n41           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n46                                             | n46           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n48                                             | n48           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n66                                             | n66           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n71                                             | n71           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n77                                             | n77           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78                                             | n78           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n79                                             | n79           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n96                                             | n96           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n102                                            | n102          |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE: The minimum requirements only apply for non   |               |
| simultaneous Tx/Rx between all carriers for TDD     |               |
| combinations.                                       |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

Table 5.2A.1-2: Intra-band non-contiguous CA operating bands in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR CA Band                                          | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| CA\_n1(\*)                                          | n1            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n3(\*)                                          | n3            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n5(\*)                                          | n5            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n7(\*)                                          | n7            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n12(\*)                                         | n12           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n25(\*)                                         | n25           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n26(\*)                                         | n26           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n41(\*)                                         | n41           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n48(\*)                                         | n48           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n66(\*)                                         | n66           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n71(\*)                                         | n71           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n77(\*)                                         | n77           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78(\*)                                         | n78           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n96(\*)                                         | n96           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n102(\*)                                        | n102          |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: The minimum requirements only apply for non |               |
| simultaneous Tx/Rx between all carriers for TDD     |               |
| combinations.                                       |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: The notation CA\_nX(\*) in this table       |               |
| indicates intra-band non-contiguous CA for band nX. |               |
| The configurations for each band are in 5.5A.2.     |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

### 5.2A.2 Inter-band CA

NR inter-band carrier aggregation is designed to operate in the
operating bands defined in Table 5.2A.2.1-1, Table 5.2A.2.2-1,
Table 5.2A.2.3-1, Table 5.2A.2.4-1 and Table 5.2A.2.5-1, where all
operating bands are within FR1.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a lower order
band combination, when the applicable lower order band combination is a
band pair in a higher order band combination, the mandatory simultaneous
Rx/Tx capability also applies for the band pair in the higher order band
combination.

Table 5.2A.2-1: Void

Table 5.2A.2-2: Void

Table 5.2A.2-3: Void

#### 5.2A.2.1 Inter-band CA (**two bands)**

Table 5.2A.2.1-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (two
bands)

+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| NR CA Band              | NR Band       | DL interruption allowed |
|                         |               | (Note 8)                |
|                         | (Table 5.2-1) |                         |
+=========================+===============+=========================+
| CA\_n1-n3               | n1, n3        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5               | n1, n5        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7               | n1, n7        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8               | n1, n8        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18              | n1, n18       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n1-n20**          | **n1, n20**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n1-n26**          | **n1, n26**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28              | n1, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n38              | n1, n38       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n40              | n1, n40       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n1-n41**^1^       | n1, n41       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n1-n46**          | n1, n46       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n67              | n1, n67       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n74              | n1, n74       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n75              | n1, n75       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n77^1^           | n1, n77       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n78^1^           | n1, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n79^1^           | n1, n79       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n102             | n1, n102      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n105             | n1, n105      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5               | n2, n5        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n2-n7**           | n2, n7        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n2-n12**          | n2, n12       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n2-n14**          | n2, n14       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29              | n2, n29       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n30              | n2, n30       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n41              | n2, n41       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48              | n2, n48       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66              | n2, n66       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n71              | n2, n71       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n77              | n2, n77       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n2-n78**          | n2, n78       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5               | n3, n5        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7               | n3, n7        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8               | n3, n8        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18              | n3, n18       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n3-n20**          | **n3, n20**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n26              | **n3, n26**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28              | n3, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n34^1^           | n3, n34       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n38              | n3, n38       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n39              | n3, n39       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n40^1^           | n3, n40       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n41^1^           | n3, n41       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n67              | n3, n67       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n74              | n3, n74       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n75              | n3, n75       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n77^1^           | n3, n77       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n78^1^           | n3, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n79^1^           | n3, n79       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n102             | n3, n102      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n105             | n3, n105      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7               | n5, n7        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n8               | n5, n8        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n12              | n5, n12       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n13              | n5, n13       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n14              | n5, n14       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25              | n5, n25       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n5-n28**          | n5, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n29              | n5, n29       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n30              | n5, n30       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n40              | n5, n40       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n41              | n5, n41       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48              | n5, n48       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n66              | n5, n66       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n71              | n5, n71       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n77^1^           | n5, n77       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n78^1^           | n5, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n79^1^           | n5, n79       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n105             | n5, n105      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n7-n8**           | **n7, n8**    |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n12              | n7, n12       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n7-n20**          | n7, n20       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n7-n25**          | n7, n25       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n7-n26**          | n7, n26       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n28              | n7, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n7-n40**          | **n7, n40**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n7-n46^6^**       | **n7, n46**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n66              | n7, n66       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n67              | n7, n67       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n71              | n7, n71       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n7-n75**          | n7, n75       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n77              | n7, n77       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n78^1^           | n7, n78       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n79              | n7, n79       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n102             | n7, n102      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n105             | n7, n105      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n20              | n8, n20       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n8-n28**          | n8, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n34^1^           | n8, n34       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n8-n38**          | n8, n38       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n39^1^           | n8, n39       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n40^1^           | n8, n40       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n41^1^           | n8, n41       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n75^1^           | n8, n75       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n8-n77^1^**       | **n8, n77**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n78^1^           | n8, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n79^1^           | n8, n79       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n12-n25             | n12, n25      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n12-n30             | n12, n30      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n12-n41             | n12, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n12-n48             | n12, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n12-n66             | n12, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n12-n71             | n12, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n12-n77**         | n12, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n12-n78**         | n12, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n13-n25             | n13, n25      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n13-n66             | n13, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n13-n77**         | n13, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n14-n30             | n14, n30      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n14-n66             | n14, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n14-n77**         | n14, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n18-n28             | n18, n28      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n18-n40             | n18, n40      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n18-n41^1^          | n18, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n18-n74**         | n18, n74      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n18-n77^10^         | n18, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n18-n78^11^         | n18, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n20-n28^2^          | n20, n28      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n20-n40**         | **n20, n40**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n20-n67**         | n20, n67      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n20-n75**         | n20, n75      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n20-n78             | n20, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n24-n41             | n24, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n24-n48             | n24, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n24-n77             | n24, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n29             | n25, n29      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n38             | n25, n38      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41             | n25, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n46**^6^**      | n25, n46      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n48             | n25, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n25-n66**         | n25, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n71             | n25, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n25-n77**         | n25, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n25-n78**         | n25, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n25-n85**         | n25, n85      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n26-n28**         | n26, n28      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n26-n29             | n26, n29      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n26-n48             | n26, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n26-n66**         | n26, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n26-n70**         | n26, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n26-n71             | n26, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n26-n77             | n26, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n26-n78**         | n26, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n34             | n28, n34      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n38**         | n28, n38      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n39             | n28, n39      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n40**^1^      | n28, n40      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n41**^1^      | n28, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n46^6^**      | **n28, n46**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n50             | n28, n50      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n71^12^**     | **n28, n71**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n74**         | **n28, n74**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n75^2^          | n28, n75      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n77^1^          | n28, n77      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n78^1^          | n28, n78      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n79^1^          | n28, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n94**         | n28, n94      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n102            | n28, n102     |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n105            | n28, n105     |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n30             | n29, n30      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n48             | n29, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n66             | n29, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n70             | n29, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n71             | n29, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n77             | n29, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n30-n66             | **n30, n66**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n30-n77**         | **n30, n77**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n34-n39^9^          | **n34, n39**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n34-n40             | **n34, n40**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n34-n41             | **n34, n41**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n34-n79^1^          | n34, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n38-n40^9^          | n38, n40      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n38-n66**         | n38, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n38-n71**         | n38, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n38-n78^1^          | n38, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n38-n79^1^          | n38, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n39-n40             | n39, n40      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n39-n41             | n39, n41      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n39-n79^1^          | n39, n79      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n40-n41             | n40, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n40-n77^1^          | n40, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n40-n78**^1^**      | n40, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n40-n79^1,4^        | n40, n79      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n40-n105            | n40, n105     |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n41-n48^1^**      | n41, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n50^1^          | n41, n50      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66             | n41, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n70             | n41, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n71^1^          | n41, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n74             | n41, n74      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n41-n77^1^**      | n41, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n78**^1^**      | n41, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n79^1,3^        | n41, n79      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n85             | n41, n85      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n46-n48^1,**6**^    | n46, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n46-n66**^6^**      | n46, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n46-n77^1,6^**    | n46, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n46-n78^1,6^**    | n46, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA                    | n46, n96      |                         |
| \_n46-n96^9,16,17,18^** |               |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\                   | n46, n102     |                         |
| _n46-n102^9,16,18,20^** |               |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n53^9^          | n48, n53      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66             | n48, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n48-n70**         | n48, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n48-n71**         | n48, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n77^9,14,18^    | n48, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n96^1,\ **6**^  | n48, n96      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n50-n78             | n50, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n70             | n66, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n71             | n66, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n77             | n66, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n78             | n66, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n85             | n66, n85      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n67-n78             | n67, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n70-n71             | n70, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n70-n77             | n70, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n70-n78             | n70, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n71-n77             | n71, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n71-n78             | n71, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n71-n85**         | n71, n85      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n74-n77**^1^      | n74, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n74-n78^1^          | n74, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n75-n78^1^          | n75, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n76-n78^1^          | n76, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n77-n78^7^          | n77, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n77-n79^7^          | n77, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n77-n85**         | n77, n85      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n77-n102            | n77, n102     |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n78-n79^5^          | n78, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n78-n92             | n78, n92      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n78-n94**         | n78, n94      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n78-n102            | n78, n102     |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n78-n104            | n78, n104     |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n78-n105            | n78, n105     |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Applicable for  |               |                         |
| UE supporting           |               |                         |
| inter-band carrier      |               |                         |
| aggregation with        |               |                         |
| mandatory simultaneous  |               |                         |
| Rx/Tx capability.       |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 2: The frequency   |               |                         |
| range in band n28 is    |               |                         |
| restricted for this     |               |                         |
| band combination to     |               |                         |
| 703-733 MHz for the UL  |               |                         |
| and 758-788 MHz for the |               |                         |
| DL.                     |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 3: The frequency   |               |                         |
| range below 2506 MHz    |               |                         |
| for Band n41 is not     |               |                         |
| used in this            |               |                         |
| combination.            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 4: Applicable for  |               |                         |
| frequency range above   |               |                         |
| 4800 MHz for Band n79   |               |                         |
| in this combination.    |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 5: For UEs         |               |                         |
| supporting band n77,    |               |                         |
| the minimum             |               |                         |
| requirements apply only |               |                         |
| when there is           |               |                         |
| non-simultaneous Rx/Tx  |               |                         |
| operation between       |               |                         |
| n78-n79 NR carriers.    |               |                         |
| This restriction        |               |                         |
| applies also for these  |               |                         |
| carriers when           |               |                         |
| applicable NR CA        |               |                         |
| configuration is part   |               |                         |
| of a higher order       |               |                         |
| configuration.          |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 6: The PCell is    |               |                         |
| allocated in the        |               |                         |
| licensed band in this   |               |                         |
| combination.            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 7: The minimum     |               |                         |
| requirements apply only |               |                         |
| when there is           |               |                         |
| non-simultaneous Rx/Tx  |               |                         |
| operation between       |               |                         |
| n77-n78 or n77-n79 NR   |               |                         |
| carriers. This          |               |                         |
| restriction applies     |               |                         |
| also for these carriers |               |                         |
| when applicable NR CA   |               |                         |
| configuration is part   |               |                         |
| of a higher order       |               |                         |
| configuration.          |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 8: Applicable when |               |                         |
| dynamic Tx switching is |               |                         |
| conducted. The DL       |               |                         |
| interruption            |               |                         |
| requirement is          |               |                         |
| specified in clause     |               |                         |
| 8.2.2.2.10 of 38.133    |               |                         |
| \[13\].                 |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 9: Only applicable |               |                         |
| for UE supporting       |               |                         |
| inter-band carrier      |               |                         |
| aggregation without     |               |                         |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx.     |               |                         |
| Same restrictions are   |               |                         |
| applied when applicable |               |                         |
| NR CA configuration is  |               |                         |
| part of a higher order  |               |                         |
| configurations.         |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 10 The frequency   |               |                         |
| range in band n77 is    |               |                         |
| restricted for this     |               |                         |
| band combination to     |               |                         |
| 3520-3560 MHz,          |               |                         |
| 3700-3800 MHz,          |               |                         |
| 4000-4100 MHz.          |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 11: The frequency  |               |                         |
| range in band n78 is    |               |                         |
| restricted for this     |               |                         |
| band combination to     |               |                         |
| 3520 -3560 MHz and      |               |                         |
| 3700-- 3800 MHz.        |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 12: The            |               |                         |
| implementation with 4   |               |                         |
| antennas is targeted    |               |                         |
| for FWA form factor for |               |                         |
| this band combination.  |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 13: Void           |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 14: The band n48   |               |                         |
| and n77 will            |               |                         |
| synchronize their       |               |                         |
| uplink and downlink     |               |                         |
| configurations and in   |               |                         |
| commonly TDD network    |               |                         |
| coordination            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 15: Void           |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 16: The minimum    |               |                         |
| requirements for        |               |                         |
| intra-band              |               |                         |
| non-contiguous CA/DC    |               |                         |
| apply for CA\_n46-n96   |               |                         |
| or CA\_n46-n102 and     |               |                         |
| related higher order    |               |                         |
| CA/DC configurations.   |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 17: The            |               |                         |
| combination is not used |               |                         |
| alone as fall back mode |               |                         |
| of other band           |               |                         |
| combinations in which   |               |                         |
| UL in Band 48 is not    |               |                         |
| used.                   |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 18: The minimum    |               |                         |
| requirements for        |               |                         |
| inter-band CA apply     |               |                         |
| when the maximum power  |               |                         |
| spectral density        |               |                         |
| imbalance between       |               |                         |
| downlink carriers is    |               |                         |
| within 6 dB. The power  |               |                         |
| spectral density        |               |                         |
| imbalance condition     |               |                         |
| also applies for these  |               |                         |
| carriers when           |               |                         |
| applicable CA           |               |                         |
| configuration is a      |               |                         |
| subset of a higher      |               |                         |
| order CA configuration. |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 19: Void           |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 20: The            |               |                         |
| combination is not used |               |                         |
| alone as fall back mode |               |                         |
| of other band           |               |                         |
| combinations in which   |               |                         |
| UL in Band n78 is not   |               |                         |
| used.                   |               |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+

#### 5.2A.2.2 Inter-band CA (**three bands)**

Table 5.2A.2.2-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (three
bands)

+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| NR CA Band            | NR Band           | DL interruption       |
|                       |                   | allowed               |
|                       | (Table 5.2-1)     |                       |
|                       |                   | (Note 4)              |
+=======================+===================+=======================+
| CA\_n1-n3-n5          | n1, n3, n5        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7          | n1, n3, n7        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n8          | n1, n3, n8        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n18         | n1, n3, n18       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **CA\_n1-n3-n20**     | n1, n3, n20       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **CA\_n1-n3-n26**     | n1, n3, n26       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28         | n1, n3, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **CA\_n1-n3-n38**     | n1, n3, n38       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **CA\_n1-n3-n40**     | n1, n3, n40       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n41^3^      | n1, n3, n41       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n75         | n1, n3, n75       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n77         | n1, n3, n77       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n78^3^      | n1, n3, n78       | No for CA\_n1-n78,    |
|                       |                   | CA\_n3-n78            |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n79^3^      | n1, n3, n79       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n105        | n1, n3, n105      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n7          | n1, n5, n7        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n28         | n1, n5, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n40         | n1, n5, n40       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n78         | n1, n5, n78       | No for CA\_n1-n78,    |
|                       |                   | CA\_n5-n78            |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n79         | n1, n5, n79       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n105        | n1, n5, n105      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n8          | n1, n7, n8        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n28         | n1, n7, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n38         | n1, n7, n38       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n40         | n1, n7, n40       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n67         | n1, n7, n67       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n75         | n1,n7, n75        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n78^3^      | n1, n7, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n79         | n1, n7, n79       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n105        | n1, n7, n105      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n28         | n1, n8, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n40         | n1, n8, n40       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n77         | n1, n8, n77       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n78^3^      | n1, n8, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n79         | n1, n8, n79       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n28        | n1, n18, n28      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n41        | n1, n18, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n77        | n1, n18, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n20-n67        | n1, n20, n67      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n20-n78        | n1, n20, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n26-n78        | n1, n26, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n38        | n1, n28, n38      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n40        | n1, n28, n40      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n41^3^     | n1, n28, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n46        | n1, n28, n46      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n75        | n1, n28, n75      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n77^3^     | n1, n28, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n78^3^     | n1, n28, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n79^3^     | n1, n28, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n102       | n1, n28, n102     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n38-n78        | n1, n38, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n40-n77        | n1, n40, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n40-n78        | n1, n40, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n40-n105       | n1, n40, n105     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n41-n77^3^     | n1, n41, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n41-n79        | n1, n41, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n46-n78        | n1, n46, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n67-n78        | n1, n67, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n75-n78        | n1, n75, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n77-n79        | n1, n77, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n78-n79        | n1, n78, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n78-n102       | n1, n78, n102     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n78-n105       | n1, n78, n105     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n30         | n2, n5, n30       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n41         | n2, n5, n41       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n48         | n2, n5, n48       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n66         | n2, n5, n66       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n77         | n2, n5, n77       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n7-n12         | n2, n7, n12       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n7-n66         | n2, n7, n66       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n7-n71         | n2, n7, n71       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n7-n77         | n2, n7, n77       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n30        | n2, n12, n30      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n41        | n2, n12, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n66        | n2, n12, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n71        | n2, n12, n71      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n77        | n2, n12, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n30        | n2, n14, n30      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n66        | n2, n14, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n77        | n2, n14, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n30        | n2, n29, n30      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n66        | n2, n29, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n77        | n2, n29, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n30-n66        | n2, n30, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n30-n77        | n2, n30, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n41-n66        | n2, n41, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n41-n71        | n2, n41, n71      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48-n66        | n2, n48, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48-n77        | n2, n48, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66-n71        | n2, n66, n71      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66-n77        | n2, n66, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66-n78        | n2, n66, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n71-n77        | n2, n71, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n71-n78        | n2, n71, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n7          | n3, n5, n7        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n28         | n3, n5, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n78         | n3, n5, n78       | No for CA\_n3-n78,    |
|                       |                   | CA\_n5-n78            |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n79         | n3, n5, n79       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n8          | n3, n7, n8        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n20         | n3, n7, n20       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n26         | n3, n7, n26       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n28         | n3, n7, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n38         | n3, n7, n38       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n67         | n3, n7, n67       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n75         | n3, n7, n75       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n78^3^      | n3, n7, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n79         | n3, n7, n79       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n105        | n3, n7, n105      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n28         | n3, n8, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n39         | n3, n8, n39       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n40         | n3, n8, n40       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n41         | n3, n8, n41       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n77         | n3, n8, n77       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n78^3^      | n3, n8, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n79         | n3, n8, n79       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n28        | n3, n18, n28      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n41        | n3, n18, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n77        | n3, n18, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n20-n28        | n3, n20, n28      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n20-n67        | n3, n20, n67      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n20-n78        | n3, n20, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n26-n78        | n3, n26, n38      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n38        | n3, n28, n38      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n40^3^     | n3, n28, n40      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n41^3^     | n3, n28, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n77^3^     | n3, n28, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n78^3^     | n3, n28, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n79^3^     | n3, n28, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n38-n40        | n3, n38, n40      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n39-n41        | n3, n39, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n39-n79        | n3, n39, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n40-n41        | n3, n40, n41      | No for CA n3-n40, CA  |
|                       |                   | n3-n41                |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n40-n77        | n3, n40, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n40-n78        | n3, n40, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n40-n105       | n3, n40, n105     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n41-n77^3^     | n3, n41, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n41-n78^3^     | n3, n41, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n41-n79^3^     | n3, n41, n79      | No                    |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n67-n78        | n3, n67, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n75-n78        | n3, n75, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n77-n79        | n3, n77, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n78-n79        | n3, n78, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n78-n105       | n3, n78, n105     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n25         | n5, n7, n25       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n28         | n5, n7, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n40         | n5, n7, n40       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n66         | n5, n7, n66       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n77         | n5, n7, n77       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n78         | n5, n7, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n105        | n5, n7, n105      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n12-n77        | n5, n12, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n14-n77        | n5, n14, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n29        | n5, n25, n29      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n41        | n5, n25, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n66        | n5, n25, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n77        | n5, n25, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n78        | n5, n25, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n28-n78        | n5, n28, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n28-n79        | n5, n28, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n28-n105       | n5, n28, n105     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n29-n66        | n5, n29, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n29-n77        | n5, n29, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n30-n66        | n5, n30, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n30-n77        | n5, n30, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n40-n78        | n5, n40, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n40-n105       | n5, n40, n105     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n41-n66        | n5, n41, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n41-n77        | n5, n41, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48-n66        | n5, n48, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48-n77        | n5, n48, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n66-n77        | n5, n66, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n66-n78        | n5, n66, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n78-n79        | n5, n78, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n78-n105       | n5, n78, n105     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n8-n28         | n7, n8, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n8-n40         | n7, n8, n40       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n8-n78^3^      | n7, n8, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n12-n25        | n7, n12, n25      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n12-n66        | n7, n12, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n12-n71        | n7, n12, n71      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n12-n77        | n7, n12, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n20-n67        | n7, n20, n67      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n20-n78        | n7, n20, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n66        | n7, n25, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n71        | n7, n25, n71      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n77        | n7, n25, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n78        | n7, n25, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n26-n78        | n7, n26, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n28-n38        | n7, n28, n38      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n28-n40        | n7, n28, n40      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n28-n78        | n7, n28, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n40-n105       | n7, n40, n105     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n46-n78        | n7, n46, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n66-n71        | n7, n66, n71      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n66-n77        | n7, n66, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n66-n78        | n7, n66, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n67-n78        | n7, n67, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n71-n77        | n7, n71, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n75-n78        | n7, n75, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n78-n102       | n7, n78, n102     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n78-n105       | n7, n78, n105     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n20-n28        | n8, n20, n28      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n20-n75        | n8, n20, n75      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n28-n40        | n8, n28, n40      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n28-n75        | n8, n28, n75      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n28-n77        | n8, n28, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n28-n78^3^     | n8, n28, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n38-n40        | n8, n38, n40      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n39-n40        | n8, n39, n40      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n39-n41        | n8, n39, n41      | No for CA n8-n41, CA  |
|                       |                   | n39-n41               |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n39-n79        | n8, n39, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n40-n41        | n8, n40, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n40-n78        | n8, n40, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n40-n79        | n8, n40, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n41-n79^3^     | n8, n41, n79      | No                    |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n78-n79        | n8, n78, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n12-n25-n41       | n12, n25, n41     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n12-n25-n66       | n12, n25, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n12-n30-n66       | n12, n30, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n12-n30-n77       | n12, n30, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n12-n41-n66       | n12, n41, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n12-n41-n77       | n12, n41, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n12-n66-n77       | n12, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n12-n71-n77       | n12, n71, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n13-n25-n66       | n13, n25, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n13-n25-n77       | n13, n25, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n13-n66-n77       | n13, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n14-n30-n66       | n14, n30, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n14-n30-n77       | n14, n30, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n14-n66-n77       | n14, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n18-n28-n41       | n18, n28, n41     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n18-n28-n77       | n18, n28, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n18-n41-n77       | n18, n41, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n20-n28-n75       | n20, n28, n75     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n20-n28-n78       | n20, n28, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n20-n67-n78       | n20, n67, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **CA\_n24-n41-n48**   | **n24, n41, n48** |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n24-n41-n77       | n24, n41, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **CA\_n24-n48-n77**   | **n24, n48, n77** |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n77       | n25, n41, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n29-n66       | n25, n29, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n38-n78       | n25, n38, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n66       | n25, n41, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n71       | n25, n41, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n77       | n25, n41, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n78       | n25, n41, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n85       | n25, n41, n85     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n48-n66       | n25, n48, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n71       | n25, n66, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n77       | n25, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n78       | n25, n66, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n85       | n25, n66, n85     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n71-n77       | n25, n71, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n71-n78       | n25, n71, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n71-n85       | n25, n71, n85     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n77-n85       | n25, n77 n85      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n26-n29-n66       | n26, n29, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n26-n29-n70       | n26, n29, n70     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n26-n48-n66       | n26, n48, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n26-n48-n70       | n26, n48, n70     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n26-n66-n70       | n26, n66, n70     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n26-n66-n71       | n26, n66, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n26-n66-n77       | n26, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n26-n70-n71       | n26, n70, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n26-n70-n77       | n26, n70, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n38-n78       | n28, n38, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n39-n40       | n28, n39, n40     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n39-n41       | n28, n39, n41     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n39-n79       | n28, n39, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n40-n41       | n28, n40, n41     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n40-n77       | n28, n40, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n40-n78       | n28, n40, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n40-n79       | n28, n40, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41-n77^3^    | n28, n41, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41-n78^3^    | n28, n41, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41-n79^3^    | n28, n41, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n46-n78**   | **n28, n46, n78** |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n75-n78**   | **n28, n75, n78** |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n77-n79       | n28, n77, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n78-n79       | n28, n78, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n78-n102      | n28, n78, n102    |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n29-n30-n66       | n29, n30, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n29-n30-n77       | n29, n30, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n29-n66-n70       | n29, n66, n70     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n29-n66-n71       | n29, n66, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n29-n66-n77       | n29, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n29-n70-n71       | n29, n70, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n30-n66-n77       | n30, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n34-n39-n40       | n34, n39, n40     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n34-n39-n41       | n34, n39, n41     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n34-n40-n41       | n34, n40, n41     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n34-n41-n79       | n34, n41, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n38-n66-n78       | n38, n66, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n39-n40-n41       | n39, n40, n41     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n39-n40-n79       | n39, n40, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n39-n41-n79       | n39, n41, n79     | No                    |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n40-n41-n79^1,2^  | n40, n41, n79     | No for CA n40-n79, CA |
|                       |                   | n41-n79               |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n40-n78-n105      | n40, n78, n105    |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n71       | n41, n66, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n77       | n41, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n78       | n41, n66, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n85       | n41, n66, n85     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n70-n78       | n41, n70, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n71-n77       | n41, n71, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n71-n78       | n41, n71, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n71-n85       | n41, n71, n85     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n77-n79       | n41, n77, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n77-n85       | n41, n77, n85     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n46-n48-n96       | n46, n48, n96     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n46-n78-n102      | n46, n78, n102    |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n70       | n48, n66, n70     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n71       | n48, n66, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n77       | n48, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n48-n70-n71       | n48, n70, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n48-n70-n77       | n48, n70, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n48-n71-n77       | n48, n71, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n66-n70-n71       | n66, n70, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n66-n70-n77       | n66, n70, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n66-n70-n78       | n66, n70, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n66-n71-n77       | n66, n71, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n66-n71-n78       | n66, n71, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n66-n71-n85       | n66, n71, n85     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n66-n77-n85       | n66, n77, n85     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n70-n71-n77       | n70, n71, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| NOTE 1: The frequency |                   |                       |
| range below 2506 MHz  |                   |                       |
| for Band n41 is not   |                   |                       |
| used in this band     |                   |                       |
| combination.          |                   |                       |
|                       |                   |                       |
| NOTE 2: Applicable    |                   |                       |
| for frequency range   |                   |                       |
| above 4800 MHz for    |                   |                       |
| Band n79 in this band |                   |                       |
| combination.          |                   |                       |
|                       |                   |                       |
| NOTE 3: Applicable    |                   |                       |
| for UE supporting     |                   |                       |
| inter-band carrier    |                   |                       |
| aggregation with      |                   |                       |
| mandatory             |                   |                       |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx    |                   |                       |
| capability            |                   |                       |
|                       |                   |                       |
| NOTE 4: Applicable    |                   |                       |
| when dynamic Tx       |                   |                       |
| switching is          |                   |                       |
| conducted across 2 UL |                   |                       |
| bands. The DL         |                   |                       |
| interruption          |                   |                       |
| requirement is        |                   |                       |
| specified in clause   |                   |                       |
| 8.2.2.2.10 of 38.133  |                   |                       |
| \[13\].               |                   |                       |
|                       |                   |                       |
| NOTE 5: Only          |                   |                       |
| applicable for UE     |                   |                       |
| supporting inter-band |                   |                       |
| carrier aggregation   |                   |                       |
| without simultaneous  |                   |                       |
| Rx/Tx                 |                   |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+

#### 5.2A.2.3 Inter-band CA (**four bands)**

**Table 5.2A.2.3-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (four
bands)**

+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| NR CA Band                                     | NR Band            |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | (Table 5.2-1)      |
+================================================+====================+
| CA\_n1-n3-n5-n7                                | n1, n3, n5, n7     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n5-n28                               | n1, n3, n5, n28    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n5-n78                               | n1, n3, n5, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n8                                | n1, n3, n7, n8     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n26                               | n1, n3, n7, n26    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n28                               | n1, n3, n7, n28    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n38                               | n1, n3, n7, n38    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n67                               | n1, n3, n7, n67    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n75                               | n1, n3, n7, n75    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n79                               | n1, n3, n7, n79    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n78^1^                            | n1, n3, n7, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n105                              | n1, n3, n7, n105   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n8-n77                               | n1, n3, n8, n77    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n8-n78^1^                            | n1, n3, n8, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n18-n28                              | n1, n3, n18, n28   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n18-n41                              | n1, n3, n18, n41   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n18-n77                              | n1, n3, n18, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n20-n67                              | n1, n3, n20, n67   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n26-n78                              | n1, n3, n26, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n38                              | n1, n3, n28, n38   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n41                              | n1, n3, n28, n41   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n77^1^                           | n1, n3, n28, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n78                              | n1, n3, n28, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n79^1^                           | n1, n3, n28, n79   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n40-n77                              | n1, n3, n40, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n40-n105                             | n1, n3, n40, n105  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n41-n77                              | n1, n3, n41, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n41-n79                              | n1, n3, n41, n79   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n67-n78                              | n1, n3, n67, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n75-n78                              | n1, n3, n75, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n77-n79                              | n1, n3, n77, n79   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n7-n40                               | n1, n5, n7, n40    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n7-n78                               | n1, n5, n7, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n7-n105                              | n1, n5, n7, n105   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n28-n78                              | n1, n5, n28, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n28-n79                              | n1, n5, n28, n79   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n40-n78                              | n1, n5, n40, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n40-n105                             | n1, n5, n40, n105  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n78-n79                              | n1, n5, n78, n79   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n78-n105                             | n1, n5, n78, n105  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n8-n40                               | n1, n7, n8, n40    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n8-n78^1^                            | n1, n7, n8, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n26-n78                              | n1, n7, n26, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n28-n38                              | n1, n7, n28, n38   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n28-n78                              | n1, n7, n28, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n40-n78                              | n1, n7, n40, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n40-n105                             | n1, n7, n40, n105  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n67-n78                              | n1, n7, n67, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n75-n78                              | n1, n7, n75, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n78-n105                             | n1, n7, n78, n105  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n40-n78                              | n1, n8, n40, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n78-n79                              | n1, n8, n78, n79   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n28-n41                             | n1, n18, n28, n41  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n28-n77                             | n1, n18, n28, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n41-n77                             | n1, n18, n41, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n38-n78                             | n1, n28, n38, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n40-n77                             | n1, n28, n40, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n40-n78                             | n1, n28, n40, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n41-n77                             | n1, n28, n41, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n41-n79                             | n1, n28, n41, n79  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n75-n78                             | n1, n28, n75, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n77-n79                             | n1, n28, n77, n79  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n78-n79                             | n1, n28, n78, n79  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n41-n77-n79                             | n1, n41, n77, n79  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n30-n66                              | n2, n5, n30, n66   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n30-n77                              | n2, n5, n30, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n48-n66                              | n2, n5, n48, n66   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n48-n77                              | n2, n5, n48, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n66-n77                              | n2, n5, n66, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n30-n66                             | n2, n12, n30, n66  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n30-n77                             | n2, n12, n30, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n66-n77                             | n2, n12, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n30-n66                             | n2, n14, n30, n66  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n30-n77                             | n2, n14, n30, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n66-n77                             | n2, n14, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n30-n66                             | n2, n29, n30, n66  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n30-n77                             | n2, n29, n30, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n66-n77                             | n2, n29, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n30-n66-n77                             | n2, n30, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n41-n66-n71                             | n2, n41, n66, n71  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48-n66-n77                             | n2, n48, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66-n71-n77                             | n2, n66, n71, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66-n71-n78                             | n2, n66, n71, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n7-n78                               | n3, n5, n7, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n28-n78                              | n3, n5, n28, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n28-n79                              | n3, n5, n28, n79   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n8-n78^1^                            | n3, n7, n8, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n20-n67                              | n3, n7, n20, n67   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n20-n78                              | n3, n7, n20, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n26-n78                              | n3, n7, n26, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n28-n38                              | n3, n7, n28, n38   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n28-n78                              | n3, n7, n28, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n40-n105                             | n3, n7, n40, n105  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n67-n78                              | n3, n7, n67, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n75-n78                              | n3, n7, n75, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n78-n105                             | n3, n7, n78, n105  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n41-n79                              | n3, n8, n41, n79   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n28-n41                             | n3, n18, n28, n41  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n28-n77                             | n3, n18, n28, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n20-n67-n78                             | n3, n20, n67, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n40-n77                             | n3, n28, n40, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n41-n77                             | n3, n18, n41, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n41-n77                             | n3, n28, n41, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n41-n79                             | n3, n28, n41, n79  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n77-n79                             | n3, n28, n77, n79  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n41-n78                             | n3, n28, n41, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n41-n77-n79                             | n3, n41, n77, n79  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n40-n78                              | n5, n7, n40, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n40-n105                             | n5, n7, n40, n105  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n66-n77                              | n5, n7, n66, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n78-n105                             | n5, n7, n78, n105  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n29-n66                             | n5, n25, n29, n66  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n66-n77                             | n5, n25, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n66-n78                             | n5, n25, n66, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n28-n78-n79                             | n5, n28, n78, n79  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n30-n66-n77                             | n5, n30, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n40-n78-n105                            | n5, n40, n78, n105 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48-n66-n77                             | n5, n48, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n7-n8-n40-n78                              | n7, n8, n40, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n7-n12-n25-n66                             | n7, n12, n25, n66  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n7-n20-n67-n78                             | n7, n20, n67, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n66-n71                             | n7, n25, n66, n71  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n66-n77                             | n7, n25, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n66-n78                             | n7, n25, n66, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n7-n40-n78-n105                            | n7, n40, n78, n105 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n7-n66-n71-n77                             | n7, n66, n71, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n8-n20-n28-n75                             | n8, n20, n28, n75  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n8-n39-n41-n79                             | n8, n39, n41, n79  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n12-n30-n66-n77                            | n12, n30, n66, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n13-n25-n66-n77                            | n13, n25, n66, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n14-n30-n66-n77                            | n14, n30, n66, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n18-n28-n41-n77                            | n18, n28, n41, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n38-n66-n78                            | n25, n38, n66, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n66-n71                            | n25, n41, n66, n71 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n66-n77                            | n25, n41, n66, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n66-n78                            | n25, n41, n66, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n66-n85                            | n25, n41, n66, n85 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n71-n77                            | n25, n41, n71, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n71-n78                            | n25, n41, n71, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n71-n85                            | n25, n41, n71, n85 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n77-n85                            | n25, n41, n77, n85 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n71-n77                            | n25, n66, n71, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n71-n78                            | n25, n66, n71, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n71-n85                            | n25, n66, n71, n85 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n77-n85                            | n25, n66, n77, n85 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41-n77-n79                            | n28, n41, n77, n79 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n29-n30-n66-n77                            | n29, n30, n66, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n29-n66-n70-n71                            | n29, n66, n70, n71 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n70-n78                            | n41, n66, n70, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n71-n77                            | n41, n66, n71, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n71-n78                            | n41, n66, n71, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n71-n85                            | n41, n66, n71, n85 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n77-n85                            | n41, n66, n77, n85 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n70-n71                            | n48, n66, n70, n71 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n70-n77                            | n48, n66, n70, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n71-n77                            | n48, n66, n71, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n48-n70-n71-n77                            | n48, n70, n71, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| NOTE 1: Applicable for UE supporting           |                    |
| inter-band carrier aggregation with mandatory  |                    |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability.                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+

#### 5.2A.2.4 Inter-band CA (**five bands)**

**Table 5.2A.2.4-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (five
bands)**

+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| NR CA Band                                 | NR Band                |
|                                            |                        |
|                                            | (Table 5.2-1)          |
+============================================+========================+
| CA\_n1-n3-n5-n7-n78                        | n1, n3, n5, n7, n78    |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n5-n28-n78                       | n1, n3, n5, n28, n78   |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n8-n78^1^                     | n1, n3, n7, n8, n78    |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n26-n78                       | n1, n3, n7, n26, n78   |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n28-n38                       | n1, n3, n7, n28, n38   |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n28-n78                       | n1, n3, n7, n28, n78   |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n40-n78                       | n1, n3, n7, n40, n78   |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n40-n105                      | n1, n3, n7, n40, n105  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n67-n78                       | n1, n3, n7, n67, n78   |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n78-n105                      | n1, n3, n7, n78, n105  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n75-n78                       | n1, n3, n7, n75, n78   |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_ n1-n3-n28-n41-n77                     | n1, n3, n28, n41, n77  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n41-n79                      | n1, n3, n28, n41, n79  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n77-n79                      | n1, n3, n28, n77, n79  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n40-n78-n105                     | n1, n3, n40, n78, n105 |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n41-n77-n79                      | n1, n3, n41, n77, n79  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n7-n40-n78                       | n1, n5, n7, n40, n78   |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n7-n40-n105                      | n1, n5, n7, n40, n105  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n7-n78-n105                      | n1, n5, n7, n78, n105  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n28-n78-n79                      | n1, n5, n28, n78, n79  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n40-n78-n105                     | n1, n5, n40, n78, n105 |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n40-n78-n105                     | n1, n7, n40, n78, n105 |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n41-n77-n79                     | n1, n28, n41, n77, n79 |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n30-n66-n77                      | n2, n5, n30, n66, n77  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n48-n66-n77                      | n2, n5, n48, n66, n77  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n30-n66-n77                     | n2, n12, n30, n66, n77 |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n30-n66-n77                     | n2, n14, n30, n66, n77 |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n30-n66-n77                     | n2, n29, n30, n66, n77 |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n20-n67-n78                      | n3, n7, n20, n67, n78  |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n40-n78-n105                     | n3, n7, n40, n78, n105 |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n41-n77-n79                     | n3, n28, n41, n77, n79 |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n40-n78-n105                     | n5, n7, n40, n78, n105 |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Applicable for UE supporting       |                        |
| inter-band carrier aggregation with        |                        |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability.   |                        |
+--------------------------------------------+------------------------+

#### 5.2A.2.5 Inter-band CA (**six bands)**

**Table 5.2A.2.5-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (six
bands)**

+---------------------------+----------------------------+
| NR CA Band                | NR Band                    |
|                           |                            |
|                           | (Table 5.2-1)              |
+===========================+============================+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n28-n38-n78  | n1, n3, n7, n28, n38, n78  |
+---------------------------+----------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n40-n78-n105 | n1, n3, n7, n40, n78, n105 |
+---------------------------+----------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n7-n40-n78-n105 | n1, n5, n7, n40, n78, n105 |
+---------------------------+----------------------------+

5.2B Operating bands for DC
---------------------------

The operating bands are specified in clause 5.5B for operation with NR
dual connectivity configured, where all operating bands are within FR1.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a band
combination, the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability also applies
for the band combination when the applicable band combination is a
subset of a higher order band combination.

5.2C Operating band combination for SUL
---------------------------------------

NR operation is designed to operate in the operating band combination
defined in Table 5.2C-1, Table 5.2C-2, Table 5.2C-3 and Table 5.2C-4,
where all operating bands are within FR1.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a band
combination, when the applicable lower order band combination is a band
pair in a higher order band combination, the mandatory simultaneous
Rx/Tx capability also applies for the band pair in the higher order band
combination.

Table 5.2C-1: Operating band combination for SUL in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR Band combination for SUL                         | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| SUL\_n1-n80^2^                                      | n1, n80       |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n1-n81^2^                                      | n1, n81       |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n1-n89^2^                                      | n1, n89       |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n3-n84^2^                                      | n3, n84       |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n5-n84^2^                                      | n5, n84       |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n8-n84^2^                                      | n8, n84       |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n24-n99^2^                                     | n24, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n80^2^                                     | n41, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n81^2^                                     | n41, n81      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n83^2^                                     | n41, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n95^2^                                     | n41, n95      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n97^2^                                     | n41, n97      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n98^2^                                     | n41, n98      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n99^2^                                     | n41, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n48-n99^2^                                     | n48, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n77-n80^2^                                     | n77, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n77-n84^2^                                     | n77, n84      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n77-n99^2^                                     | n77, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n80^2^                                     | n78, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n81^2^                                     | n78, n81      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n82^2^                                     | n78, n82      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n83^2^                                     | n78, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n84^2^                                     | n78, n84      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n86^2^                                     | n78, n86      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n89^2^                                     | n78, n89      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n80^2^                                     | n79, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n81^2^                                     | n79, n81      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n83^2^                                     | n79, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n84^2^                                     | n79, n84      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n95^2^                                     | n79, n95      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n97^2^                                     | n79, n97      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n98^2^                                     | n79, n98      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: If a UE is configured with both NR UL and   |               |
| NR SUL carriers in a cell, the switching time       |               |
| between NR UL carrier and NR SUL carrier is         |               |
| according to *switchingPeriodFor1T-r18* parameter   |               |
| within UE capability IE *ULTxSwitchingBandPair-r18* |               |
| or *ULTxSwitchingBandPair-v1840* if reported,       |               |
| otherwise 0 us.                                     |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: For UE supporting SUL band combination      |               |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability is mandatory.         |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

Table 5.2C-2: Operating SUL band combination with intra-band
non-contiguous CA in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR Band combination for SUL                         | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| CA\_n41(\*)-n99^2^                                  | n41, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n48(\*)-n99^2^                                  | n48, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n77(\*)-n99^2^                                  | n77, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78(\*)-n86^2^                                  | n78, n86      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: If a UE is configured with both NR UL and   |               |
| NR SUL carriers in a cell, the switching time       |               |
| between NR UL carrier and NR SUL carrier is         |               |
| according to *switchingPeriodFor1T-r18* parameter   |               |
| within UE capability IE *ULTxSwitchingBandPair-r18* |               |
| or *ULTxSwitchingBandPair-v1840* if reported,       |               |
| otherwise 0 us.                                     |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: For UE supporting SUL band combination      |               |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability is mandatory.         |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 3: The notation CA\_nX(\*) in this table       |               |
| indicates intra-band non-contiguous CA for band nX. |               |
| The configurations for each band are in table       |               |
| 5.5C-2.                                             |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

Table 5.2C-3: Operating SUL band combination with intra-band contiguous
CA in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR Band combination for SUL                         | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| CA\_n41-n80                                         | n41, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n41-n83                                         | n41, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n41-n95                                         | n41, n95      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n41-n98                                         | n41, n98      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78-n80                                         | n78, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78-n81                                         | n78, n81      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78-n84                                         | n78, n84      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78-n89                                         | n78, n89      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n79-n80                                         | n79, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n79-n83                                         | n79, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n79-n95                                         | n79, n95      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n79-n98                                         | n79, n98      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: If a UE is configured with both NR UL and   |               |
| NR SUL carriers in a cell, the switching time       |               |
| between NR UL carrier and NR SUL carrier is         |               |
| according to *switchingPeriodFor1T-r18* parameter   |               |
| within UE capability IE *ULTxSwitchingBandPair-r18* |               |
| or *ULTxSwitchingBandPair-v1840* if reported,       |               |
| otherwise 0 us.                                     |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: For UE supporting SUL band combination      |               |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability is mandatory.         |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

Table 5.2C-4: Operating SUL band combination with inter-band CA in FR1

+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| NR Band combination for SUL                    | NR Band            |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | (Table 5.2-1)      |
+================================================+====================+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n80                                | n1, n78, n80       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n81                                | n1, n78, n81       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n84                                | n1, n78, n84       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n89                                | n1, n78, n89       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3\_n41-n80                                | n3, n41, n80       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3\_n78-n80                                | n3, n78, n80       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3\_n78-n84                                | n3, n78, n84       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3\_n79-n80                                | n3, n79, n80       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5\_n78-n84                                | n5, n78, n84       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n8\_n78-n81                                | n8, n78, n81       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n8\_n78-n84                                | n8, n78, n84       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n28\_n41-n83                               | n28, n41, n83      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n28\_n79-n83                               | n28, n79, n83      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n80                               | n41, n79, n80      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n83                               | n41, n79, n83      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n95                               | n41, n79, n95      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n97                               | n41, n79, n97      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n98                               | n41, n79, n98      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n78\_n1-n80                                | n1, n78, n80       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n78\_n1-n81                                | n1, n78, n81       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n78\_n1-n89                                | n1, n78, n89       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n78\_n3-n84                                | n3, n78, n84       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n78\_n5-n84                                | n5, n78, n84       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n78\_n8-n84                                | n8, n78, n84       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n80                               | n41, n79, n80      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n83                               | n41, n79, n83      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n95                               | n41, n79, n95      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n97                               | n41, n79, n97      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n98                               | n41, n79, n98      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n28-n79\_n41-n83                           | n28, n41, n79, n83 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41\_n79-n83                           | n28, n41, n79, n83 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41A-n95A\_n79A-n98A                       | n41, n95, n79, n98 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41A-n98A\_n79A-n95A                       | n41, n98, n79, n95 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41A-n83A\_n79A-n98A                       | n41, n83, n79, n98 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41A-n83A\_n79A-n95A                       | n41, n83, n79, n95 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n78C\_n80A-n84A                            | n78, n80, n84      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n78C\_n81A-n84A                            | n78, n81, n84      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n78C\_n84A-n89A                            | n78, n84, n89      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| NOTE 1: If a UE is configured with a single    |                    |
| cell consisting of a NR UL carrier and a       |                    |
| corresponding NR SUL carrier, the switching    |                    |
| time between NR UL carrier and the             |                    |
| corresponding NR SUL carrier is according to   |                    |
| *switchingPeriodFor1T-r18* parameter within UE |                    |
| capability IE *ULTxSwitchingBandPair-r18* or   |                    |
| *ULTxSwitchingBandPair-v1840* if reported,     |                    |
| otherwise 0 us.                                |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| NOTE 2: For UE supporting SUL band combination |                    |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability is mandatory.    |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+

5.2D Operating bands for UL MIMO
--------------------------------

NR is designed to support UL MIMO where all of the operating bands
are in FR1 defined in Table 5.2D-1.

Table 5.2D-1: NR operating bands for UL MIMO in FR1

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| NR operating band                                                    |
+======================================================================+
| n1                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n2                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n3                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n5                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n7                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n8                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n13                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n24                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n25                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n26                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n28                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n30^1^                                                               |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n34                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n38                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n39                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n40                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n41                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n46                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n48                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n66                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n70                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n71                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n77                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n78                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n79                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n80                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n81                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n83                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n84                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n85                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n86                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n95                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n96                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n97                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n98                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n99                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n102                                                                 |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n104                                                                 |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n105                                                                 |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink transmission is not allowed at this band for UE with  |
| external vehicle-mounted antennas.                                   |
|                                                                      |
| NOTE 2: Void.                                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

5.2E Operating band for V2X
---------------------------

### 5.2E.1 V2X operating bands

NR V2X is designed to operate in the operating bands in FR1 defined in
Table 5.2E.1-1.

Table 5.2E.1-1 V2X operating bands in FR1

+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| V2X    | Si     | Si     | Duplex | Int    |    |        |    |     |
| Ope    | delink | delink | Mode   | erface |    |        |    |     |
| rating | (SL)   | (SL)   |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| Band   | Transm | Rec    |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | ission | eption |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | ope    | ope    |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | rating | rating |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | band   | band   |        |        |    |        |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
|        | F~UL   | F~DL   |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | \_low~ | \_low~ |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | --     | --     |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | F~UL\  | F~DL\  |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | _high~ | _high~ |        |        |    |        |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| n14^2^ | 788    | \-     | 798    | 788    | \- | 798    | HD | PC5 |
|        | MHz    |        | MHz    | MHz    |    | MHz    |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| n38^1^ | 2570   | \-     | 2620   | 2570   | \- | 2620   | HD | PC5 |
|        | MHz    |        | MHz    | MHz    |    | MHz    |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| n47    | 5855   | \-     | 5925   | 5855   | \- | 5925   | HD | PC5 |
|        | MHz    |        | MHz    | MHz    |    | MHz    |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| n79    | 4400   | \-     | 5000   | 4400   | \- | 5000   | HD | PC5 |
|        | MHz    |        | MHz    | MHz    |    | MHz    |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| NOTE   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| 1:     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| When   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| this   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| band   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| is     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| used   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| for    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| V2X SL |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| se     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| rvice, |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| the    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| band   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| is     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| exclu  |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| sively |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| used   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| for NR |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| V2X in |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| part   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| icular |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| r      |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| egion. |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| NOTE   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| 2:     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| When   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| this   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| band   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| is     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| used   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| for    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| public |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| safety |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| se     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| rvice, |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| the NR |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| band   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| is     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| op     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| erated |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| with   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| both   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| in-co  |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| verage |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| sce    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| narios |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| and    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| out    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| -of-co |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| verage |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| scen   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| arios. |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+

### 5.2E.1A Sidelink CA operating bands

For NR sidelink intra-band CA operation is designed to operate in the
operating bands in FR1 defined in Table 5.2E.1A-1.

Table 5.2E.1A-1 Intra-band contiguous SL CA operating bands in FR1

  NR SL CA Band   NR Band   Interface
  --------------- --------- -----------
  SL\_n47         n47       PC5

### 5.2E.1F Operating bands for Sidelink Unlicensed

NR Sidelink is designed to operate in the unlicensed operating bands in
FR1 defined in Table 5.2E.1F-1.

Table 5.2E.1F-1. NR SL-U operating bands in FR1

  NR SL-U operating band                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Sidelink (SL) Transmission operating band   Sidelink (SL) Reception operating band   Duplex Mode   Interface
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- ------------- -----------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        F~UL\_low~ -- F~UL\_high~                   F~DL\_low~ -- F~DL\_high~                              
  n46^1^                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                5150 MHz -- 5925 MHz                        5150 MHz -- 5925 MHz                     HD            PC5
  n96^1^                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                5925 MHz -- 7125 MHz                        5925 MHz -- 7125 MHz                     HD            PC5
  n102^1^                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               5925 MHz -- 6425 MHz                        5925 MHz -- 6425 MHz                     HD            PC5
  NOTE 1: Direct connection between client devices and between vehicular devices in the shared spectrum bands or portions of the shared spectrum bands is subject to country-specific conditions and can be prohibited per region-specific regulatory rules, e.g., in USA and Canada.                                                                                                      

### 5.2E.2 V2X operating bands for concurrent operation

NR V2X operation is designed to operate concurrent with NR
uplink/downlink on the operating bands combinations listed in Table
5.2E.2-1 and Table 5.2E.2-2.

Table 5.2E.2-1 Inter-band concurrent V2X operating bands

  V2X concurrent operating Band   NR or V2X Operating Band   Interface
  ------------------------------- -------------------------- -----------
  V2X\_n1-n47                     n1                         Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n3-n47                     n3                         Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n5-n47                     n5                         Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n8-n47                     n8                         Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n34-n47                    n34                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n39-n47                    n39                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n40-n47                    n40                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n41-n47                    n41                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n71-n47                    n71                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n78-n47                    n78                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n79-n47                    n79                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5

Table 5.2E.2-2 Intra-band concurrent V2X operating bands

  V2X concurrent operating Band   NR or V2X Operating Band   Interface
  ------------------------------- -------------------------- -----------
  V2X\_n79-n79                    n79                        Uu
                                  n79                        PC5

### 5.2E.2F Operating bands for SL-U concurrent operation

For NR SL-U inter-band concurrent operation, NR sidelink in the
unlicensed operating band is designed to operate concurrently with NR
uplink/downlink on the operating band combinations are listed in Table
5.2E.2F-1.

Table 5.2E.2F-1 SL-U Inter-band concurrent operating bands

  NR SL inter-band concurrent operating Band   NR Operating Band   Interface
  -------------------------------------------- ------------------- -----------
  SL\_n78-n46                                  n78                 Uu
                                               n46                 PC5

5.2J Operating band for ATG
---------------------------

NR operating bands n1, n3, n34, n39, n41, n78, n79, which are defined in
Table 5.2-1, can be applied for ATG operation.

5.2K Operating bands for Aerial UE
----------------------------------

Aerial UE is designed to operate in NR operating bands as defined in
Table 5.2-1, following applicable spectrum regulations, e.g. ECC
Decision (22)07 \[18\] for CEPT countries.

5.3 UE channel bandwidth
------------------------

### 5.3.1 General

The UE channel bandwidth supports a single NR RF carrier in the uplink
or downlink at the UE. From a BS perspective, different UE channel
bandwidths may be supported within the same spectrum for transmitting to
and receiving from UEs connected to the BS. Transmission of multiple
carriers to the same UE (CA) or multiple carriers to different UEs
within the BS channel bandwidth can be supported.

From a UE perspective, the UE is configured with one or more BWP /
carriers, each with its own UE channel bandwidth. The UE does not need
to be aware of the BS channel bandwidth or how the BS allocates
bandwidth to different UEs.

The placement of the UE channel bandwidth for each UE carrier is
flexible but can only be completely within the BS channel bandwidth.

The relationship between the channel bandwidth, the guardband and the
maximum transmission bandwidth configuration is shown in Figure 5.3.1-1.

3MHz channel bandwidth is only applicable for single-carrier operation
in the current release.

![](./media/image2.emf){width="6.041666666666667in" height="3.0in"}

Figure 5.3.1-1: Definition of the channel bandwidth and the maximum
transmission bandwidth configuration for one NR channel

### 5.3.2 Maximum transmission bandwidth configuration

The maximum transmission bandwidth configuration N~RB~ for each UE
channel bandwidth and subcarrier spacing is specified in Table 5.3.2-1.

Table 5.3.2-1: Maximum transmission bandwidth configuration N~RB~

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>SCS (kHz)</td>
<td><p>3</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>5</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>10</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>15</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>20</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>25</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>30</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>35</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>40</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>45</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>50</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>60</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>70</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>80</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>90</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>100</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>188</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>242</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>92</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>119</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>273</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>44</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>58</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>93</td>
<td>107</td>
<td>121</td>
<td>135</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 5.3.3 Minimum guardband and transmission bandwidth configuration

The minimum guardband for each UE channel bandwidth and SCS is specified
in Table 5.3.3-1,

Table 5.3.3-1: Minimum guardband for each UE channel bandwidth and SCS
(kHz)

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>SCS (kHz)</td>
<td><p>3</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>5</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>10</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>15</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>20</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>25</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>30</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>35</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>40</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>45</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>50</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>60</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>70</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>80</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>90</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>100</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>142.5</td>
<td>242.5</td>
<td>312.5</td>
<td>382.5</td>
<td>452.5</td>
<td>522.5</td>
<td>592.5</td>
<td>572.5</td>
<td>552.5</td>
<td>712.5</td>
<td>692.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>505</td>
<td>665</td>
<td>645</td>
<td>805</td>
<td>785</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>925</td>
<td>905</td>
<td>1065</td>
<td>1045</td>
<td>825</td>
<td>965</td>
<td>925</td>
<td>885</td>
<td>845</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>1010</td>
<td>990</td>
<td>1330</td>
<td>1310</td>
<td>1290</td>
<td>1630</td>
<td>1610</td>
<td>1590</td>
<td>1570</td>
<td>1530</td>
<td>1490</td>
<td>1450</td>
<td>1410</td>
<td>1370</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

NOTE: The minimum guardbands have been calculated using the following
equation: GB~Channel~ = (BW~Channel~ x 1000 (kHz) - N~RB~ x SCS x 12) /
2 - SCS/2, where N~RB~ are from Table 5.3.2-1 and GB~Channel~ expressed
in kHz.

Figure 5.3.3-1: Void

The number of RBs configured in any channel bandwidth shall ensure that
the minimum guardband specified in this clause is met.

![](./media/image3.png){width="4.197916666666667in" height="2.28125in"}

Figure 5.3.3-2: UE PRB utilization

In the case that multiple numerologies are multiplexed in the same
symbol due to BS transmission of SSB, the minimum guardband on each side
of the carrier is the guardband applied at the configured channel
bandwidth for the numerology that is received immediately adjacent to
the guard.

If multiple numerologies are multiplexed in the same symbol and the UE
channel bandwidth is \>50 MHz, the minimum guardband applied adjacent to
15 kHz SCS shall be the same as the minimum guardband defined for 30 kHz
SCS for the same UE channel bandwidth.

![](./media/image4.png){width="4.5625in" height="1.8958333333333333in"}

Figure 5.3.3-3 Guard band definition when transmitting multiple
numerologies

NOTE: Figure 5.3.3-3 is not intended to imply the size of any guard
between the two numerologies. Inter-numerology guard band within the
carrier is implementation dependent.

For a UE supporting wideband operation, the nominal intra-cell guard
bands and the corresponding sizes of the RB sets separated by the said
guard bands are as specified in Table 5.3.3-2 for each UE channel
bandwidth and sub-carrier spacing for the downlink, uplink and sidelink.
The nominal intra-cell guard bands in Table 5.3.3-2 are applicable when
the respective IE *intraCellGuardBandsUL-List,*
*intraCellGuardBandsDL-List* \[7\] and *intraCellGuardBandsSL-List* for
the uplink, downlink and sidelink are not provided, as specified in
\[10\] clause 7.

Table 5.3.3-2: Nominal intra-cell guard bands for wideband operation

+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **SCS**     | **40 MHz** | **60 MHz**  | **80 MHz**  | **100 MHz** |
|             |            |             |             |             |
| **(kHz)**   |            |             |             |             |
+=============+============+=============+=============+=============+
| 15          | 105-6-105  | N/A         | N/A         | N/A         |
|             |            |             |             |             |
|             | \(216\)    |             |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 30          | 50-6-50    | 5           | 50-6-5      | 50-6-50-6-4 |
|             |            | 0-6-50-6-50 | 0-5-50-6-50 | 9-6-50-6-50 |
|             | \(106\)    |             |             |             |
|             |            | \(162\)     | \(217\)     | \(273\)     |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 60          | 23-5-23    | 2           | 23-5-2      | 23-5-23-5-2 |
|             |            | 3-5-23-5-23 | 3-5-23-5-23 | 3-5-23-5-23 |
|             | \(51\)     |             |             |             |
|             |            | \(79\)      | \(107\)     | \(135\)     |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: The |            |             |             |             |
| intra-cell  |            |             |             |             |
| guard band  |            |             |             |             |
| is denoted  |            |             |             |             |
| TBW         |            |             |             |             |
| ~0~-GB~0~-. |            |             |             |             |
| ..-GB~N\_RB |            |             |             |             |
| set-2~-TBW~ |            |             |             |             |
| N\_RBset-1~ |            |             |             |             |
| for         |            |             |             |             |
| N\_RBset \> |            |             |             |             |
| 1 number of |            |             |             |             |
| RB-sets     |            |             |             |             |
| with        |            |             |             |             |
| TBW*~r~*    |            |             |             |             |
| the maximum |            |             |             |             |
| t           |            |             |             |             |
| ransmission |            |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |            |             |             |             |
| (PRB) of    |            |             |             |             |
| RB-set *r*  |            |             |             |             |
| and GB*~r~* |            |             |             |             |
| the guard   |            |             |             |             |
| band (PRB)  |            |             |             |             |
| above the   |            |             |             |             |
| upper edge  |            |             |             |             |
| of RB-set   |            |             |             |             |
| *r*. The    |            |             |             |             |
| RB-set 0 is |            |             |             |             |
| starting at |            |             |             |             |
| the first   |            |             |             |             |
| common      |            |             |             |             |
| resource    |            |             |             |             |
| block (CRB) |            |             |             |             |
| of the      |            |             |             |             |
| carrier as  |            |             |             |             |
| indicated   |            |             |             |             |
| by          |            |             |             |             |
| *offset     |            |             |             |             |
| ToCarrier*. |            |             |             |             |
| The total   |            |             |             |             |
| t           |            |             |             |             |
| ransmission |            |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |            |             |             |             |
| co          |            |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |            |             |             |             |
| (size of    |            |             |             |             |
| resource    |            |             |             |             |
| grid)       |            |             |             |             |
| including   |            |             |             |             |
| guard bands |            |             |             |             |
| is given in |            |             |             |             |
| between     |            |             |             |             |
| p           |            |             |             |             |
| arentheses. |            |             |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

For a UE that supports shared spectrum channel access, there are no
uplink, downlink or sidelink intra-cell guard bands for operation with
10 MHz and 20 MHz channel bandwidths; the maximum transmission bandwidth
configurations for these channel bandwidths are in accordance with
clause 5.3.2.

For each UE channel bandwidth and sub-carrier spacing given by Table
5.3.3-2, the maximum transmission bandwidth configuration of the carrier
including intra-cell guard bands, if configured for the uplink, downlink
and sidelink by the respective IE *intraCellGuardBandsUL-List,*
*intraCellGuardBandsDL-List* \[7\] and *intraCellGuardBandsSL-List*, and
corresponding RB-set(s) shall be in accordance with clause 5.3.2 with a
minimum inter-cell guard band of the UE channel bandwidth as specified
in Table 5.3.3-1 for the uplink, downlink and sidelink. Minimum
requirements specified for wideband operation in Clause 6 and Clause 7
also apply for intra-cell guard bands larger than the nominal sizes in
Table 5.3.3-2 as listed in Table 5.3.3-3 for each sub-carrier spacing;
each guard band in order of CRB index must be larger than or equal to
the corresponding nominal guard band specified in Table 5.3.3-2 for each
channel bandwidth.

Table 5.3.3-3: Applicable intra-cell guard bands for wideband operation

  ----------------------------------------- ------ --------- ----------
  Parameter                                 Unit   SCS       
                                                   15 kHz    30 kHz
  Intra-cell guard band (size)              PRB    6,7       5,6,7
  Transmission bandwidth (size) of RB-set   PRB    104,105   49,50,51
  ----------------------------------------- ------ --------- ----------

If the UE is configured with zero width intra-cell guard bands for the
uplink, downlink and sidelink by the IE *intraCellGuardBandsUL-List,*
*intraCellGuardBandsDL-List* \[7\] and *intraCellGuardBandsSL-List* on a
carrier greater than 20 MHz, the maximum transmission bandwidth
configuration for the uplink, downlink and sidelink shall be in
accordance with clause 5.3.2 with a minimum inter-cell guard band of the
UE channel bandwidth as specified in Table 5.3.3-1.

### 5.3.4 RB alignment

For each numerology, its common resource blocks are specified in Clause
4.4.4.3 in TS 38.211 \[6\], and the starting point of its transmission
bandwidth configuration on the common resource block grid for a given
channel bandwidth is indicated by an offset to \"Reference point A\" in
the unit of the numerology. The *UE transmission bandwidth
configuration* is indicated by the higher layer parameter
*carrierBandwidth* \[7\] and will fulfil the minimum UE guardband
requirement specified in Clause 5.3.3.

### 5.3.5 UE channel bandwidth per operating band

The requirements in this specification apply to the combination of
channel bandwidths, SCS and operating bands shown in Table 5.3.5-1. The
transmission bandwidth configuration in Table 5.3.2-1 shall be supported
for each of the specified channel bandwidths. The channel bandwidths are
specified for both the TX and RX path.

Table 5.3.5-1 Channel bandwidths for each NR band

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>NR Band</th>
<th>SCS (kHz)</th>
<th>UE Channel bandwidth (MHz)</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>3</td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td><strong>10</strong></td>
<td><strong>15</strong></td>
<td><strong>20</strong></td>
<td><strong>25</strong></td>
<td><strong>30</strong></td>
<td><strong>35</strong></td>
<td><strong>40</strong></td>
<td><strong>45</strong></td>
<td><strong>50</strong></td>
<td><strong>60</strong></td>
<td><strong>70</strong></td>
<td><strong>80</strong></td>
<td><strong>90</strong></td>
<td><strong>100</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n7</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n8</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n12</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n13</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n14<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n18</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n24</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n25</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n26</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n28</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>7</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>7</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n29</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n31</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n34</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n38<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n39</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5<sup>5</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5<sup>4,11</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n46</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>5</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>5</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>5</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n47<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n48</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5<sup>5</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>60<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>70<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>80<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>90<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>6</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>60<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>70<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>80<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>90<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>6</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5<sup>5</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n51</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n53</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n54</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n65</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n66</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n67</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n70</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n71</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>12</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>12</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n72</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n74</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n75</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n76</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n79<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n80</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n81</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n82</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n83</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>7</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>7</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n84</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n85</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n86</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n89</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n90</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n91</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10<sup>8</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n92</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n93</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10<sup>8</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n94</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n95</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n96</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n97</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n98</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n99</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n100</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n101</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n102</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n104</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n105</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n106</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n109</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to downlink.</p>
<p>NOTE 4: This UE channel bandwidth is optional in this release of the specification.</p>
<p>NOTE 5: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as an SCell part of DC or CA configuration.</p>
<p>NOTE 6: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as a downlink SCell part of CA configuration.</p>
<p>NOTE 7: For UEs supporting up to 30 MHz channel bandwidth, the minimum requirements are specified for any NR UL channel bandwidth confined to 703-733 MHz or 718-748 MHz.</p>
<p>NOTE 8: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to uplink.</p>
<p>NOTE 9: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 10: For this band, UE channel bandwidths which are applicable to sidelink operation are specified in Table 5.3E.1-1.</p>
<p>NOTE 11: Not all frequency positions of 5 MHz carriers are possible due limitations of the SSB position relative to the 5 MHz channels. 5 MHz channels with F<sub>c</sub> such that 2499+N*1.2 ≤F<sub>c</sub>&lt;2499.3+N*1.2MHz for 0≤N&lt;157 are not compatible with SSB positions and cannot be used for 5 MHz n41.</p>
<p>NOTE 12: This UE channel Bandwidth is optional for uplink in this release of the specification.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 

### 5.3.6 Asymmetric channel bandwidths

The UE channel bandwidth can be asymmetric in downlink and uplink. In
asymmetric channel bandwidth operation, the narrower carrier shall be
confined within the frequency range of the wider channel bandwidth.

In FDD, the confinement is defined as a maximum deviation to the Tx-Rx
carrier center frequency separation (defined in Table 5.4.4-1) as
following:

ΔF~TX-RX~ = \| (BW~DL~ -- BW~UL~)/2 \|

The operating bands and supported asymmetric channel bandwidth
combinations are defined in Table 5.3.6-1.

Table 5.3.6-1: FDD asymmetric UL and DL channel bandwidth combinations

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR Band        | Channel        | Channel        | **Asymmetric   |
|                | bandwidths for | bandwidths for | channel        |
|                | UL (MHz)       | DL (MHz)       | bandwidth      |
|                |                |                | combination    |
|                |                |                | set**          |
+================+================+================+================+
| n5             | 20             | 25             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n8             | 20             | 35             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10, 15, 20     | 25, 35         | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10, 15, 20     | 25, 30, 35     | 2              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n24            | 10             | 5              | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n25            | 40             | 45             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n26            | 20             | 25, 30         | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n28^3^         | 3              | 5              | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n66            | 5, 10          | 20, 40         | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20             | 40             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 5, 10          | 20, 25, 30, 40 | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20, 25, 30     | 40             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 5, 10, 15      | 20, 25, 30,    | 2              |
|                |                | 35, 40         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20, 25, 30     | 40             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n70            | 5, 10          | 15             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 5, 10, 15      | 20, 25         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 5, 15          | 10             | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10, 15         | 5              |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n71            | 5              | 10             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 15             | 20             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 5              | 10             | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 15             | 20             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20             | 35             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20             | 25, 30, 35     | 2              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n91^1^         | 10             | 5              | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n92^1^         | 5              | 10, 15, 20     | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15, 20         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n93^1^         | 10             | 5              | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n94^1^         | 5              | 10, 15, 20     | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15, 20         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n105           | 20             | 25, 30, 35     | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n109^1^        | 5              | 10, 15, 20,    | 0              |
|                |                | 25, 30, 40, 50 |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15, 20, 25,    |                |
|                |                | 30, 40, 50     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 15             | 20, 25, 30,    |                |
|                |                | 40, 50         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20             | 25, 30, 40, 50 |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 25             | 30, 40, 50     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30             | 40, 50         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The    |                |                |                |
| assignment of  |                |                |                |
| the paired UL  |                |                |                |
| and DL         |                |                |                |
| channels are   |                |                |                |
| subject to a   |                |                |                |
| TX-RX          |                |                |                |
| separation as  |                |                |                |
| specified in   |                |                |                |
| clause 5.4.4.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: As     |                |                |                |
| indicated for  |                |                |                |
| *asymme        |                |                |                |
| tricBandwidthC |                |                |                |
| ombinationSet* |                |                |                |
| in TS 38.306   |                |                |                |
| \[15\], it is  |                |                |                |
| mandatory for  |                |                |                |
| UEs to support |                |                |                |
| asymmetric     |                |                |                |
| channel BCS0   |                |                |                |
| if there is an |                |                |                |
| asymmetric     |                |                |                |
| BCS0 defined   |                |                |                |
| for the band.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: This   |                |                |                |
| BCS1 is        |                |                |                |
| limited to     |                |                |                |
| uplink 715-718 |                |                |                |
| MHz and        |                |                |                |
| downlink       |                |                |                |
| 768-773 MHz.   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

In TDD, the operating bands and supported asymmetric channel bandwidth
combinations are defined in Table 5.3.6-2.

Table 5.3.6-2: TDD asymmetric UL and DL channel bandwidth combinations

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR Band        | Channel        | Channel        | Asymmetric     |
|                | bandwidths for | bandwidths for | channel        |
|                | UL (MHz)       | DL (MHz)       | bandwidth      |
|                |                |                | combination    |
|                |                |                | set            |
+================+================+================+================+
| n50            | 60             | 80             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Both   |                |                |                |
| centre         |                |                |                |
| frequency and  |                |                |                |
| BWP-ID shall   |                |                |                |
| match between  |                |                |                |
| DL and UL      |                |                |                |
| carriers as    |                |                |                |
| defined in TS  |                |                |                |
| 38.331 \[7\]   |                |                |                |
| cl. 6.3.2 and  |                |                |                |
| TS 38.213      |                |                |                |
| \[8\] clause   |                |                |                |
| 12.            |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: In a   |                |                |                |
| case a UE is   |                |                |                |
| configured     |                |                |                |
| with a full    |                |                |                |
| width of BWP   |                |                |                |
| within both    |                |                |                |
| UL/ DL         |                |                |                |
| channels, the  |                |                |                |
| centre         |                |                |                |
| frequency of   |                |                |                |
| UL/ DL         |                |                |                |
| channels shall |                |                |                |
| be same.       |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: A      |                |                |                |
| position of    |                |                |                |
| Point A is     |                |                |                |
| common between |                |                |                |
| UL and DL      |                |                |                |
| carriers as    |                |                |                |
| defined in TS  |                |                |                |
| 38.331 \[7\]   |                |                |                |
| cl. 6.3.2.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

5.3A UE channel bandwidth for CA
--------------------------------

### 5.3A.1 General

Figure 5.3A.1-1: Void

Figure 5.3A.1-2: Void

### 5.3A.2 Maximum transmission bandwidth configuration for CA

For carrier aggregation, the maximum transmission bandwidth
configuration is defined per component carrier and the requirement is
specified in clause 5.3.2.

### 5.3A.3 Minimum guardband and transmission bandwidth configuration for CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, *Aggregated Channel
Bandwidth* and *Guard Bands* are defined as follows, see Figure
5.3A.3-1.

Figure 5.3A.3-1: Definition of *Aggregated Channel Bandwidth* for
intra-band carrier aggregation

The *aggregated channel bandwidth,* **BW~Channel\_CA~**, is defined as

BW~Channel\_CA~ = F~edge,high~ - F~edge,low~ (MHz).

The lower bandwidth edge F~edge,\ low~ and the upper bandwidth edge
F~edge,high~ of the aggregated channel bandwidth are used as frequency
reference points for transmitter and receiver requirements and are
defined by:

F~edge,low~ = F~C,low~ - F~offset,low~

F~edge,high~ = F~C,high~ + F~offset,high~

The lower and upper frequency offsets depend on the transmission
bandwidth configurations of the lowest and highest assigned edge
component carrier and are defined as

F~offset,low~ = (N~RB,low~\*12 + 1)\*SCS~low~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

F~offset,high~ = (N~RB,high~\*12 - 1)\*SCS~high~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

BW~GB~ = max(GB~Channel,low~, GB~Channel,high~)

N~RB,low~ and N~RB,high~ are the transmission bandwidth configurations
according to Table 5.3.2-1 for the lowest and highest assigned component
carrier, SCS~low~ and SCS~high~ are the sub-carrier spacing for the
lowest and highest assigned component carrier respectively. SCS~low~,
SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, GB~Channel,low~ and GB~Channel,high~
use the largest μ value among the subcarrier spacing configurations
supported in the operating band for both of the channel bandwidths
according to Table 5.3.5-1. GB~Channel,low~ and GB~Channel,high~ are the
minimum guard band for the lowest and highest assigned component carrier
according to Table 5.3.3-1 for the said *μ* value, respectively.

In case there is no common μ value for both of the channel bandwidths,
*μ*=1 is used for SCS~low~, SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~,
GB~Channel,low~ and GB~Channel,high~.

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation *Sub-block Bandwidth*
and *Sub-block edges* are defined as follows, see Figure 5.3A.3-2.

Figure 5.3A.3-2: Definition of sub-block bandwidth for intra-band
non-contiguous spectrum

The lower sub-block edge of the Sub-block Bandwidth (BW~Channel,block~)
is defined as

F~edge,block,\ low~ = F~C,block,low~ - F~offset,\ low.~

The upper sub-block edge of the Sub-block Bandwidth is defined as

F~edge,block,high~ = F~C,block,high~ + F~offset,high.~

The Sub-block Bandwidth, BW~Channel,block~, is defined as follows:

BW~Channel,block~ = F~edge,block,high\ -~ F~edge,block,low~ (MHz)

The lower and upper frequency offsets F~offset,block,low~ and
F~offset,block,high~ depend on the transmission bandwidth configurations
of the lowest and highest assigned edge component carriers within a
sub-block and are defined as:

F~offset,block,low~ = (N~RB,low~\*12 + 1)\*SCS~low~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

F~offset,block,high~ = (N~RB,high~\*12 - 1)\*SCS~high~/2 + BW~GB~(MHz)

BW~GB~ = max(GB~Channel,low~, GB~Channel,high~)

where N~RB,low~ and N~RB,high~ are the transmission bandwidth
configurations according to Table 5.3.2-1 for the lowest and highest
assigned component carrier within a sub-block, respectively. SCS~low~
and SCS~high~ are the sub-carrier spacing for the lowest and highest
assigned component carrier within a sub-block, respectively. SCS~low~,
SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, GB~Channel,low~ and GB~Channel,high~
use the largest μ value among the subcarrier spacing configurations
supported in the operating band for both of the channel bandwidths
according to Table 5.3.5-1. GB~Channel,low~ and GB~Channel,high~ are the
minimum guard band for the lowest and highest assigned component carrier
according to Table 5.3.3-1 for the said *μ* value, respectively. In case
there is no common μ value for both of the channel bandwidths, *μ*=1 is
used for SCS~low~, SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, GB~Channel,low~ and
GB~Channel,high~.

The sub-block gap size between two consecutive sub-blocks W~gap~ is
defined as

W~gap~ = F~edge,block\ n+1,low\ -~ F~edge,block\ n,high~ (MHz)

### 5.3A.4 Void

### 5.3A.5 UE channel bandwidth per operating band for CA

The requirements for carrier aggregation in this specification are
defined for carrier aggregation configurations.

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, a carrier aggregation
configuration is a single operating band supporting a carrier
aggregation bandwidth class with associated bandwidth combination sets
specified in clause 5.5A.1. For each carrier aggregation configuration,
requirements are specified for all aggregated channel bandwidths
contained in a bandwidth combination set, a UE can indicate support of
several bandwidth combination sets per carrier aggregation
configuration. For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation, a
carrier aggregation configuration is a single operating band supporting
two or more sub-blocks, each supporting a carrier aggregation bandwidth
class.

For intra-band non-contiguous uplink carrier aggregation, frequency
separation class (Fs) specified in Table 5.3A.5-2 indicates the maximum
frequency span between lower edge of lowest component carrier and upper
edge of highest component carrier that UE can support per band
combination in uplink in non-contiguous intra-band operation when the
signalling is absent for dualPA-Architecture IE.

For inter-band carrier aggregation, a carrier aggregation configuration
is a combination of operating bands, each supporting a carrier
aggregation bandwidth class.

Table 5.3A.5-1: NR CA bandwidth classes

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR CA          | Aggregated     | Number of      | Fallback group |
| bandwidth      | channel        | contiguous CC  |                |
| class          | bandwidth      |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| A              | BW~Channel~ ≤  | 1              | 1, 2, 3^4^     |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| B              | 20 MHz ≤       | 2              | 2, 3^4^        |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 100 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| C              | 100 MHz \<     | 2              | 1, 3^4^        |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 2 x          |                |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | 200 MHz \<     | 3              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 3 x          |                |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| E              | 300 MHz \<     | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 4 x          |                |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| G              | 100 MHz \<     | 3              | 2              |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 150 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| H              | 150 MHz \<     | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 200 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| I              | 200 MHz \<     | 5              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 250 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| J              | 250 MHz \<     | 6              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 300 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| K              | 300 MHz \<     | 7              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 350 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| L              | 350 MHz \<     | 8              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 400 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| M^3^           | 50 MHz ≤       | 3              | 3^4^           |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 200 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| N^3^           | 80 MHz ≤       | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 300 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| O^3^           | 100 MHz ≤      | 5              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 400 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1:        |                |                |                |
| BW~            |                |                |                |
| Channel,\ max~ |                |                |                |
| is maximum     |                |                |                |
| channel        |                |                |                |
| bandwidth      |                |                |                |
| supported      |                |                |                |
| among all      |                |                |                |
| bands in a     |                |                |                |
| release        |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: It is  |                |                |                |
| mandatory for  |                |                |                |
| a UE to be     |                |                |                |
| able to        |                |                |                |
| fallback to    |                |                |                |
| lower order NR |                |                |                |
| CA bandwidth   |                |                |                |
| class          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| within a       |                |                |                |
| fallback       |                |                |                |
| group. It is   |                |                |                |
| not mandatory  |                |                |                |
| for a UE to be |                |                |                |
| able to        |                |                |                |
| fallback to    |                |                |                |
| lower order NR |                |                |                |
| CA bandwidth   |                |                |                |
| class          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| that belong to |                |                |                |
| a different    |                |                |                |
| fallback       |                |                |                |
| group.         |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: This   |                |                |                |
| bandwidth      |                |                |                |
| class is only  |                |                |                |
| applicable to  |                |                |                |
| bands          |                |                |                |
| identified for |                |                |                |
| use with       |                |                |                |
| shared         |                |                |                |
| spectrum       |                |                |                |
| channel access |                |                |                |
| in Table       |                |                |                |
| 5.2-1.         |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 4:        |                |                |                |
| Fallback group |                |                |                |
| 3 is only      |                |                |                |
| applicable to  |                |                |                |
| bands          |                |                |                |
| identified for |                |                |                |
| use with       |                |                |                |
| shared         |                |                |                |
| spectrum       |                |                |                |
| channel access |                |                |                |
| in Table       |                |                |                |
| 5.2-1.         |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.3A.5-2: NR intra-band non-contiguous UL CA frequency separation
classes

  NR NC UL CA frequency separation class   Maximum allowed frequency separation
  ---------------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  I                                        100 MHz
  II                                       200 MHz
  III                                      \[600MHz\]

5.3E Channel bandwidth for V2X
------------------------------

### 5.3E.1 General

NR V2X operation channel bandwidths for each operating band are
specified in Table 5.3E.1-1. The same (symmetrical) channel bandwidth is
specified for both the transmission and reception path. The maximum
channel bandwidth for SL operation in licensed band is 40MHz.

Table 5.3E.1-1 NR V2X operation channel bandwidths for each operating
band

+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| NR band / SCS / UE Channel bandwidth (MHz) |       |   |    |    |    |    |
+============================================+=======+===+====+====+====+====+
| NR Band                                    | SCS   | 5 | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
|                                            |       |   |    |    |    |    |
|                                            | (kHz) |   |    |    |    |    |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| n14                                        | 15    | 5 | 10 |    |    |    |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 30    |   | 10 |    |    |    |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 60    |   |    |    |    |    |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| n38                                        | 15    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 30    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 60    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| n47                                        | 15    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 30    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 60    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| n79                                        | 15    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 30    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 60    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+

### 5.3E.1A Channel bandwidth for Sidelink CA

For sidelink intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, a carrier
aggregation configuration is a single ITS operating band supporting a
carrier aggregation bandwidth class with associated bandwidth
combination sets specified in clause 5.5E.1A.1. The sidelink intra-band
carrier aggregation bandwidth class follows Table 5.3A.5-1. For each
carrier aggregation configuration, requirements are specified for all
aggregated channel bandwidths contained in a bandwidth combination set.

### 5.3E.1F Channel bandwidth for Sidelink Unlicensed

NR SL-U Channel bandwidths for each band are specified in Table
5.3E.1F-1. The same (symmetrical) channel bandwidth is specified for
both the transmission and reception path.

Table 5.3E.1F-1 NR SL-U channel bandwidth

                                                                                                  SL-U band /channel bandwidth                                                                  
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ------------------------------ -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ---------
  NR SL-U Operating Band                                                                SCS kHz   10 MHz                         20 MHz   30 MHz   40 MHz   50 MHz   60 MHz   80 MHz   90 MHz   100 MHz
  n46                                                                                   15                                       20                40                                           
                                                                                        30                                       20                40                60       80                100^1^
                                                                                        60                                       20                40                60       80                100^1^
  n96                                                                                   15                                       20                40                                           
                                                                                        30                                       20                40                60       80                100^1^
                                                                                        60                                       20                40                60       80                100^1^
  n102                                                                                  15                                       20                40                                           
                                                                                        30                                       20                40                60       80                100^1^
                                                                                        60                                       20                40                60       80                100^1^
  NOTE 1: This UE channel bandwidth is optional in this release of the specification.                                                                                                           

### 5.3E.2 Channel bandwidth for V2X concurrent operation

For NR V2X inter-band concurrent operation in FR1, the NR V2X channel
bandwidths for each operating band are specified in Table 5.3E.2-1.

Table 5.3E.2-1: Inter-band concurrent operation configurations

  NR V2X inter-band concurrent operating configuration   NR Band   Interface   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)                  Bandwidth combination set
  ------------------------------------------------------ --------- ----------- ------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------
  V2X\_n1A-n47A                                          n1        Uu          5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 45, 50                 0
                                                         n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n3A-n47A                                          n3        Uu          5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50             0
                                                         n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n5A-n47A                                          n5        Uu          5, 10, 15, 20, 25                                 0
                                                         n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n8A-n47A                                          n8        Uu          5, 10, 15, 20, 35                                 0
                                                         n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n34A-n47A                                         n34       Uu          5, 10, 15                                         0
                                                         n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n39A-n47A                                         n39       Uu          5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                         0
                                                         n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n40A-n47A                                         n40       Uu          5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80             0
                                                         n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n41A-n47A                                         n41       Uu          10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100       0
                                                         n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n71A-n47A                                         n71       Uu          5, 10, 15, 20                                     0
                                                         n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n78A-n47A                                         n78       Uu          10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100   0
                                                         n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    

For NR V2X intra-band concurrent operation in FR1, the NR V2X channel
bandwidths for each operating band are specified in Table 5.3E.2-2.

Table 5.3E.2-2: Intra-band concurrent operation configurations

  NR V2X intra-band concurrent operating configuration                             NR Band   Interface   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)   Bandwidth combination set
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ----------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
  V2X\_n79B                                                                        n79       Uu          40, 50, 60, 80, 100                0
                                                                                   n79       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                     
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                            

### 5.3E.2F Channel bandwidth for SL-U concurrent operation

For NR SL-U inter-band concurrent operation, the SL-U Channel bandwidths
for each operating band are specified in Table 5.3E.2F-1.

Table 5.3E.2F-1 NR SL-U inter-band concurrent operating configurations

  NR SL inter-band concurrent operating configuration                              NR Band   Interface   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)                  Bandwidth combination set
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ----------- ------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------
  SL\_n78A-n46A                                                                    n78       Uu          10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100   0
                                                                                   n46       PC5         20, 40, 60, 80, 100                               
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                                           

5.3I Channel bandwidth for (e)RedCap
------------------------------------

The requirements in this specification apply to the combination of
channel bandwidths, SCS and operating bands shown in Table 5.3.5-1 with
maximum channel bandwidth of 20MHz. The transmission bandwidth
configuration in Table 5.3.2-1 shall be supported for each of the
specified channel bandwidths up to 20 MHz. When UE supports IE
*supportOfERedCap-r18* and does not support IE
*eRedCapNotReducedBB-BW-r18* the requirements in this specification
apply with maximum transmission bandwidth of 25RBs for 15 kHz SCS and 12
RBs for 30 kHz SCS for PDSCH and PUSCH. The channel bandwidths are
specified for both the TX and RX paths.

3MHz channel bandwidth is not applicable for (e)RedCap UE in the current
release.

5.4 Channel arrangement
-----------------------

### 5.4.1 Channel spacing

#### 5.4.1.1 Channel spacing for adjacent NR carriers

The spacing between carriers will depend on the deployment scenario, the
size of the frequency block available and the channel bandwidths. The
nominal channel spacing between two adjacent NR carriers is defined as
following:

\- For NR operating bands with 100 kHz or 10 kHz channel raster,

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~Channel(1)~ + BW~Channel(2)~)/2

\- For NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster,

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~Channel(1)~ + BW~Channel(2)~)/2+{-5 kHz, 0
kHz, 5 kHz} for ∆F~Raster~ equals 15 kHz

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~Channel(1)~ + BW~Channel(2)~)/2+{-10 kHz,
0 kHz, 10 kHz} for ∆F~Raster~ equals 30 kHz

where BW~Channel(1)~ and BW~Channel(2)~ are the channel bandwidths of
the two respective NR carriers. The channel spacing can be adjusted
depending on the channel raster to optimize performance in a particular
deployment scenario.

For NR bands restricted to operation with shared-spectrum channel
access, the maximum deviation from the nominal channel spacing is 40
kHz.

### 5.4.2 Channel raster

#### 5.4.2.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster

The global frequency channel raster defines a set of RF reference
frequencies F~REF.~ The RF reference frequency is used in signalling to
identify the position of RF channels, SS blocks and other elements.

The global frequency raster is defined for all frequencies from 0 to 100
GHz. The granularity of the global frequency raster is ΔF~Global~.

RF reference frequencies are designated by an NR Absolute Radio
Frequency Channel Number (NR-ARFCN) in the range (0...2016666) on the
global frequency raster. The relation between the NR-ARFCN and the RF
reference frequency F~REF~ in MHz is given by the following equation,
where F~REF-Offs~ and N~Ref-Offs~ are given in Table 5.4.2.1-1 and
N~REF~ is the NR-ARFCN.

F~REF~ = F~REF-Offs~ + ΔF~Global~ (N~REF~ -- N~REF-Offs~)

Table 5.4.2.1-1: NR-ARFCN parameters for the global frequency raster

  Frequency range (MHz)   ΔF~Global~ (kHz)   F~REF-Offs~ (MHz)   *N*~REF-Offs~   Range of *N*~REF~
  ----------------------- ------------------ ------------------- --------------- -------------------
  0 -- 3000               5                  0                   0               0 -- 599999
  3000 -- 24250           15                 3000                600000          600000 -- 2016666

The channel raster defines a subset of RF reference frequencies that can
be used to identify the RF channel position in the uplink and downlink.
The RF reference frequency for an RF channel maps to a resource element
on the carrier. For each operating band, a subset of frequencies from
the global frequency raster are applicable for that band and forms a
channel raster with a granularity ΔF~Raster~, which may be equal to or
larger than ΔF~Global~.

For SUL bands except n95, n97, n98 and for the uplink of all FDD bands
defined in Table 5.2-1, and for TDD bands n34, n39, n48, n90, n38 and
n40

F~REF,\ shift~ = F~REF~ + Δ~shift~, Δ~shift~ = 0 kHz or 7.5 kHz.

where Δ~shift~ is signalled by the network in higher layer parameter
*frequencyShift7p5khz* \[7\]. For Band n34, n38, n39, n40, n48
F~REF,\ shift~ is only applicable to uplink transmissions using a 15 kHz
SCS.

The mapping between the channel raster and corresponding resource
element is given in Clause 5.4.2.2. The applicable entries for each
operating band are defined in Clause 5.4.2.3.

#### 5.4.2.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping

The mapping between the RF reference frequency on the channel raster and
the corresponding resource element is given in Table 5.4.2.2-1 and can
be used to identify the RF channel position. The mapping depends on the
total number of RBs that are allocated in the channel and applies to
both UL and DL. The mapping must apply to at least one numerology
supported by the UE.

Table 5.4.2.2-1: Channel raster to resource element mapping

  ------------------------------- --------------- ---------------
                                  N~RB~mod2 = 0   N~RB~mod2 = 1
  Resource element index          0               6
  Physical resource block index                   
  ------------------------------- --------------- ---------------

*N*~RB~ is the maximum transmission bandwidth configuration specified in
sub-clause 5.3.2, ![](./media/image8.wmf){width="0.30694444444444446in"
height="0.18819444444444444in"}*is the PRB index within the N*~RB~, and
is the resource element index within this PRB.

#### 5.4.2.3 Channel raster entries for each operating band

The RF channel positions on the channel raster in each NR operating band
are given through the applicable NR-ARFCN in Table 5.4.2.3‑1, using the
channel raster to resource element mapping in clause 5.4.2.2.

For NR operating bands with 100 kHz channel raster, ΔF~Raster~ = 20 ×
ΔF~Global~. In this case every 20^th^ NR-ARFCN within the operating band
are applicable for the channel raster within the operating band and the
step size for the channel raster in Table 5.4.2.3‑1 is given as \<20\>.

For NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster below 3GHz, ΔF~Raster~
= *I* × ΔF~Global~, where *I ϵ {3,6}*. Every *I^th^* NR‑ARFCN within the
operating band are applicable for the channel raster within the
operating band and the step size for the channel raster in
Table 5.4.2.3‑1 is given as \< *I* \>.

For NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster above 3GHz, ΔF~Raster~
= *I* × ΔF~Global~, where *I ϵ {1,2}.* Every *I^th^* NR‑ARFCN within the
operating band are applicable for the channel raster within the
operating band and the step size for the channel raster in Table
5.4.2.3-1 is given as \<*I*\>.

In frequency bands with two or more ΔF~Raster~, the higher ΔF~Raster~:
For 15 kHz and 30 kHz channel raster applies to channels using only the
SCS that is equal to or larger than the higher ΔF~Raster~ and SSB SCS is
equal to the higher ∆F~Raster~.

Table 5.4.2.3-1: Applicable NR-ARFCN per operating band

+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| NR operating    | ΔF~Raster~ | Uplink          | Downlink        |
| band            |            |                 |                 |
|                 | (kHz)      | Range of N~REF~ | Range of N~REF~ |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            | (First --       | (First --       |
|                 |            | \<Step size\>   | \<Step size\>   |
|                 |            | -- Last)        | -- Last)        |
+=================+============+=================+=================+
| n1              | 100        | 384000 --       | 422000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 396000          | 434000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n2              | 100        | 370000 --       | 386000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 382000          | 398000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n3              | 100        | 342000 --       | 361000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 357000          | 376000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n5              | 100        | 164800 --       | 173800 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 169800          | 178800          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n7              | 100        | 500000 --       | 524000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 514000          | 538000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n8              | 100        | 176000 --       | 185000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 183000          | 192000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n12             | 100        | 139800 --       | 145800 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 143200          | 149200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n13             | 100        | 155400 --       | 149200 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 157400          | 151200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n14             | 100        | 157600 --       | 151600 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 159600          | 153600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n18             | 100        | 163000 --       | 172000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 166000          | 175000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n20             | 100        | 166400 --       | 158200 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 172400          | 164200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n24             | 100        | 325300 --       | 305000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 332100          | 311800          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n25             | 100        | 370000 --       | 386000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 383000          | 399000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n26             | 100        | 162800 --       | 171800 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 169800          | 178800          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n28             | 100        | 140600 --       | 151600 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 149600          | 160600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n29             | 100        | N/A             | 143400 --       |
|                 |            |                 | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            |                 | 145600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n30             | 100        | 461000 --       | 470000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 463000          | 472000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n31             | 100        | 90500 -- \<20\> | 92500 -- \<20\> |
|                 |            | -- 91500        | -- 93500        |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n34             | 100        | 402000 --       | 402000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 405000          | 405000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n38             | 100        | 514000 --       | 514000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 524000          | 524000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n39             | 100        | 376000 --       | 376000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 384000          | 384000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n40             | 100        | 460000 --       | 460000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 480000          | 480000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n41             | 15         | 499200 -- \<3\> | 499200 -- \<3\> |
|                 |            | -- 537999       | -- 537999       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 499200 -- \<6\> | 499200 -- \<6\> |
|                 |            | -- 537996       | -- 537996       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n46^2^          | 15         | 743334 -- \<1\> | 743334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 795000       | -- 795000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n47             | 15         | 790334 -- \<1\> | 790334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 795000       | -- 795000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n48             | 15         | 636667 -- \<1\> | 636667 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 646666       | -- 646666       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 636668 -- \<2\> | 636668 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 646666       | -- 646666       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n50             | 100        | 286400 --       | 286400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 303400          | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n51             | 100        | 285400 --       | 285400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 286400          | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n53             | 100        | 496700 --       | 496700 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 499000          | 499000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n54             | 100        | 334000 --       | 334000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 335000          | 335000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n65             | 100        | 384000 --       | 422000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 402000          | 440000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n66             | 100        | 342000 --       | 422000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 356000          | 440000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n67             | 100        | N/A             | 147600 --       |
|                 |            |                 | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            |                 | 151600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n70             | 100        | 339000 --       | 399000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 342000          | 404000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n71             | 100        | 132600 --       | 123400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 139600          | 130400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n72             | 100        | 90200 -- \<20\> | 92200 -- \<20\> |
|                 |            | -- 91200        | -- 93200        |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n74             | 100        | 285400 --       | 295000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 294000          | 303600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n75             | 100        | N/A             | 286400 --       |
|                 |            |                 | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            |                 | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n76             | 100        | N/A             | 285400 --       |
|                 |            |                 | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            |                 | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n77             | 15         | 620000 -- \<1\> | 620000 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 680000       | -- 680000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 620000 -- \<2\> | 620000 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 680000       | -- 680000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n78             | 15         | 620000 -- \<1\> | 620000 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 653333       | -- 653333       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 620000 -- \<2\> | 620000 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 653332       | -- 653332       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n79             | 15         | 693334 -- \<1\> | 693334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 733333       | -- 733333       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 693334 -- \<2\> | 693334 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 733332       | -- 733332       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n80             | 100        | 342000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 357000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n81             | 100        | 176000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 183000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n82             | 100        | 166400 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 172400          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n83             | 100        | 140600 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --149600 |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n84             | 100        | 384000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 396000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n85             | 100        | 139600 --       | 145600 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 143200          | 149200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n86             | 100        | 342000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 356000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n89             | 100        | 164800 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 169800          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n90             | 15         | 499200 -- \<3\> | 499200 -- \<3\> |
|                 |            | -- 537999       | -- 537999       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 499200 -- \<6\> | 499200 -- \<6\> |
|                 |            | -- 537996       | -- 537996       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 100        | 499200 --       | 499200 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 538000          | 538000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n91             | 100        | 166400 --       | 285400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 172400          | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n92             | 100        | 166400 --       | 286400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 172400          | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n93             | 100        | 176000 --       | 285400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 183000          | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n94             | 100        | 176000 --       | 286400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 183000          | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n95             | 100        | 402000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 405000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n96^3^          | 15         | 795000 -- \<1\> | 795000 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 875000       | -- 875000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n97             | 100        | 460000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 480000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n98             | 100        | 376000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 384000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n99             | 100        | 325300 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 332100          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n100            | 100        | 174880 --       | 183880 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 176000          | 185000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n101            | 100        | 380000 --       | 380000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 382000          | 382000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n102^4^         | 15         | 795000 -- \<1\> | 795000 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 828333       | -- 828333       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n104            | 15         | 828334 -- \<1\> | 828334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 875000       | -- 875000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 828334 -- \<2\> | 828334 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 875000       | -- 875000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n105            | 100        | 132600 --       | 122400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 140600          | 130400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n106^5^         | 100        | 179200 --       | 187000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 180200          | 188000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n109            | 100        | 140600 --       | 286400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 146600          | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| NOTE 1: The     |            |                 |                 |
| channel numbers |            |                 |                 |
| that designate  |            |                 |                 |
| carrier         |            |                 |                 |
| frequencies so  |            |                 |                 |
| close to the    |            |                 |                 |
| operating band  |            |                 |                 |
| edges that the  |            |                 |                 |
| carrier extends |            |                 |                 |
| beyond the      |            |                 |                 |
| operating band  |            |                 |                 |
| edge shall not  |            |                 |                 |
| be used.        |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
| NOTE 2: The     |            |                 |                 |
| following       |            |                 |                 |
| N~REF~ are      |            |                 |                 |
| allowed for     |            |                 |                 |
| operation in    |            |                 |                 |
| Band n46: see   |            |                 |                 |
| Table           |            |                 |                 |
| 5.4.2.3-2.      |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
| NOTE 3: The     |            |                 |                 |
| following       |            |                 |                 |
| N~REF~ are      |            |                 |                 |
| allowed for     |            |                 |                 |
| operation in    |            |                 |                 |
| Band n96: see   |            |                 |                 |
| Table           |            |                 |                 |
| 5.4.2.3-3.      |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
| NOTE 4: The     |            |                 |                 |
| following       |            |                 |                 |
| N~REF~ are      |            |                 |                 |
| allowed for     |            |                 |                 |
| operation in    |            |                 |                 |
| Band n102: see  |            |                 |                 |
| Table           |            |                 |                 |
| 5.4.2.3-4.      |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
| NOTE 5: In the  |            |                 |                 |
| present version |            |                 |                 |
| of the          |            |                 |                 |
| specification,  |            |                 |                 |
| only N~REF~     |            |                 |                 |
| 179800 and      |            |                 |                 |
| 187600 is       |            |                 |                 |
| applicable for  |            |                 |                 |
| 3 MHz channel   |            |                 |                 |
| bandwidth.      |            |                 |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+

Table 5.4.2.3-2: Allowed N~REF~ (NR-ARFCN) for operation in Band n46

  Channel Bandwidth                                                                                                                                                                        Allowed N~REF~
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   782000, 788668
  20 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   744000, 745332, 746668, 748000, 749332, 750668, 752000, 753332, 754668, 756000, 765332, 766668, 768000, 769332, 770668, 772000, 773332, 774668, 776000, 777332, 778668, 780000, 781332, 783000, 784332, 785668, 787000, 788332, 789668, 791000, 792332, 793668
  40 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   744668, 746000, 748668, 751332, 754000, 755332, 766000, 767332, 770000, 772668, 775332, 778000, 780668, 783668, 786332, 787668, 790332, 793000
  60 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   745332, 746668, 748000, 752000, 753332, 754668, 766668, 768000, 769332, 773332, 774668, 778668, 780000, 784332, 785668, 791000, 792332
  80 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   746000, 747332, 752668, 754000, 767332, 768668, 774000, 779332, 785000, 791668
  100 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                  746668, 753332, 768000, 791000
  NOTE: 10 MHz channel bandwidth shall only apply in certain regions where the absence of non 3GPP technologies can be guaranteed on a long-term basis in this version of specification.   

Table 5.4.2.3-3: Allowed N~REF~ (NR-ARFCN) for operation in Band n96

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Channel Bandwidth                | Allowed N~REF~                   |
+==================================+==================================+
| 20 MHz                           | 795668^1^, 797000, 798332,       |
|                                  | 799668, 801000, 802332, 803668,  |
|                                  | 805000, 806332, 807668, 809000,  |
|                                  | 810332, 811668, 813000, 814332,  |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | 815668, 817000, 818332, 819668,  |
|                                  | 821000, 822332, 823668, 825000,  |
|                                  | 826332, 827668, 829000, 830332,  |
|                                  | 831668, 833000, 834332, 835668,  |
|                                  | 837000, 838332, 839668, 841000,  |
|                                  | 842332, 843668, 845000, 846332,  |
|                                  | 847668, 849000, 850332, 851668,  |
|                                  | 853000, 854332, 855668, 857000,  |
|                                  | 858332, 859668, 861000, 862332,  |
|                                  | 863668, 865000, 866332, 867668,  |
|                                  | 869000, 870332, 871668, 873000,  |
|                                  | 874332                           |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| 40 MHz                           | **797668, 800332, 803000,        |
|                                  | 805668, 808332, 811000, 813668,  |
|                                  | 816332, 819000, 821668, 824332,  |
|                                  | 827000, 829668, 832332, 835000,  |
|                                  | 837668, 840332, 843000, 845668,  |
|                                  | 848332, 851000, 853668, 856332,  |
|                                  | 859000, 861668, 864332, 867000,  |
|                                  | 869668,**                        |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **872332**                       |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| 60 MHz                           | **798332, 799668, 803668,        |
|                                  | 805000, 809000, 810332, 814332,  |
|                                  | 815668, 819668, 821000, 825000,  |
|                                  | 826332, 830332, 831668, 835668,  |
|                                  | 837000, 841000, 842332, 846332,  |
|                                  | 847668, 851668, 853000, 857000,  |
|                                  | 858332, 862332, 863668, 867668,  |
|                                  | 869000, 873000**                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| 80 MHz                           | **799000, 804332, 809668,        |
|                                  | 815000, 820332, 825668, 831000,  |
|                                  | 836332, 841668, 847000, 852332,  |
|                                  | 857668, 863000, 868332**         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| 100 MHz                          | 799668, 803668, 810332, 814332,  |
|                                  | 821000, 825000, 831668, 835668,  |
|                                  | 842332, 846332, 853000, 857000,  |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | 863668, 867668, 869000, 870332,  |
|                                  | 871668                           |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **NOTE 1: N~REF~ is only         |                                  |
| applicable for DL only           |                                  |
| operation**                      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

Table 5.4.2.3-4: Allowed N~REF~ (NR-ARFCN) for operation in Band n102

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Channel Bandwidth                | Allowed N~REF~                   |
+==================================+==================================+
| 20 MHz                           | 795668^1^, 797000, 798332,       |
|                                  | 799668, 801000, 802332, 803668,  |
|                                  | 805000, 806332, 807668, 809000,  |
|                                  | 810332, 811668, 813000, 814332,  |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | 815668, 817000, 818332, 819668,  |
|                                  | 821000, 822332, 823668, 825000,  |
|                                  | 826332, 827668                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| 40 MHz                           | 797668, 800332, 803000, 805668,  |
|                                  | 808332, 811000, 813668, 816332,  |
|                                  | 819000, 821668, 824332, 827000   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| 60 MHz                           | 798332, 799668, 803668, 805000,  |
|                                  | 809000, 810332, 814332, 815668,  |
|                                  | 819668, 821000, 825000, 826332   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| 80 MHz                           | 799000, 804332, 809668, 815000,  |
|                                  | 820332, 825668                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| 100 MHz                          | 799668, 803668, 810332, 814332,  |
|                                  | 821000, 825000                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: N~REF~ is only           |                                  |
| applicable for DL only operation |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

For NR operating bands with 100 kHz channel raster, Enhanced channel
raster is defined with ΔF~Raster~ = 2 × ΔF~Global~. In this case every
2^th^ NR-ARFCN within the operating band are applicable for the channel
raster within the operating band and the step size for the channel
raster in Table 5.4.2.3‑5 is given as \<2\>.

Table 5.4.2.3-5: Applicable NR-ARFCN per operating band for enhanced
channel raster

+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NR          | ΔF~Raster~ | Uplink      | Downlink    | Mandatory   |
| operating   |            |             |             | support     |
| band        | (kHz)      | Range of    | Range of    |             |
|             |            | N~REF~      | N~REF~      |             |
|             |            |             |             |             |
|             |            | (First --   | (First --   |             |
|             |            | \<Step      | \<Step      |             |
|             |            | size\> --   | size\> --   |             |
|             |            | Last)       | Last)       |             |
+=============+============+=============+=============+=============+
| n1          | 10         | 384000 --   | 422000 --   | Yes         |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 396000      | 434000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n2          | 10         | 370000 --   | 386000 --   | Yes         |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 382000      | 398000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n3          | 10         | 342000 --   | 361000 --   | Yes         |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 357000      | 376000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n5          | 10         | 164800 --   | 173800 --   | Yes         |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 169800      | 178800      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n7          | 10         | 500000 --   | 524000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 514000      | 538000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n8          | 10         | 176000 --   | 185000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 183000      | 192000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n12         | 10         | 139800 --   | 145800 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 143200      | 149200      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n13         | 10         | 155400 --   | 149200 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 157400      | 151200      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n14         | 10         | 157600 --   | 151600 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 159600      | 153600      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n18         | 10         | 163000 --   | 172000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 166000      | 175000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n20         | 10         | 166400 --   | 158200 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 172400      | 164200      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n24         | 10         | 325300 --   | 305000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 332100      | 311800      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n25         | 10         | 370000 --   | 386000 --   | Yes         |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 383000      | 399000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n26         | 10         | 162800 --   | 171800 --   | Yes         |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 169800      | 178800      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n28         | 10         | 140600 --   | 151600 --   | Yes         |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 149600      | 160600      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n29         | 10         | N/A         | 143400 --   |             |
|             |            |             | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            |             | 145600      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n30         | 10         | 461000 --   | 470000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 463000      | 472000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n34         | 10         | 402000 --   | 402000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 405000      | 405000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n38         | 10         | 514000 --   | 514000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 524000      | 524000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n39         | 10         | 376000 --   | 376000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 384000      | 384000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n40         | 10         | 460000 --   | 460000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 480000      | 480000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n50         | 10         | 286400 --   | 286400 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 303400      | 303400      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n53         | 10         | 496700 --   | 496700 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 499000      | 499000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n65         | 10         | 384000 --   | 422000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 402000      | 440000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n66         | 10         | 342000 --   | 422000 --   | Yes         |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 356000      | 440000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n67         | 10         | N/A         | 147600 --   |             |
|             |            |             | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            |             | 151600      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n70         | 10         | 339000 --   | 399000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 342000      | 404000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n71         | 10         | 132600 --   | 123400 --   | Yes         |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 139600      | 130400      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n74         | 10         | 285400 --   | 295000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 294000      | 303600      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n75         | 10         | N/A         | 286400 --   |             |
|             |            |             | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            |             | 303400      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n80         | 10         | 342000 --   | N/A         |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    |             |             |
|             |            | 357000      |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n81         | 10         | 176000 --   | N/A         |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    |             |             |
|             |            | 183000      |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n82         | 10         | 166400 --   | N/A         |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    |             |             |
|             |            | 172400      |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n83         | 10         | 140600 --   | N/A         |             |
|             |            | \<2\>       |             |             |
|             |            | --149600    |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n84         | 10         | 384000 --   | N/A         |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    |             |             |
|             |            | 396000      |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n85         | 10         | 139600 --   | 145600 --   | Yes         |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 143200      | 149200      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n86         | 10         | 342000 --   | N/A         |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    |             |             |
|             |            | 356000      |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n89         | 10         | 164800 --   | N/A         |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    |             |             |
|             |            | 169800      |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n90         | 10         | 499200 --   | 499200 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 538000      | 538000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n91         | 10         | 166400 --   | 285400 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 172400      | 286400      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n92         | 10         | 166400 --   | 286400 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 172400      | 303400      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n93         | 10         | 176000 --   | 285400 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 183000      | 286400      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n94         | 10         | 176000 --   | 286400 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 183000      | 303400      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n95         | 10         | 402000 --   | N/A         |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    |             |             |
|             |            | 405000      |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n97         | 10         | 460000 --   | N/A         |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    |             |             |
|             |            | 480000      |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n98         | 10         | 376000 --   | N/A         |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    |             |             |
|             |            | 384000      |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n99         | 10         | 325300 --   | N/A         |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    |             |             |
|             |            | 332100      |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n100        | 10         | 174880 --   | 183880 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 176000      | 185000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n101        | 10         | 380000 --   | 380000 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 382000      | 382000      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n105        | 10         | 132600 --   | 122400 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 140600      | 130400      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| n109        | 10         | 140600 --   | 286400 --   |             |
|             |            | \<2\> --    | \<2\> --    |             |
|             |            | 146600      | 303400      |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: The |            |             |             |             |
| channel     |            |             |             |             |
| numbers     |            |             |             |             |
| that        |            |             |             |             |
| designate   |            |             |             |             |
| carrier     |            |             |             |             |
| frequencies |            |             |             |             |
| so close to |            |             |             |             |
| the         |            |             |             |             |
| operating   |            |             |             |             |
| band edges  |            |             |             |             |
| that the    |            |             |             |             |
| carrier     |            |             |             |             |
| extends     |            |             |             |             |
| beyond the  |            |             |             |             |
| operating   |            |             |             |             |
| band edge   |            |             |             |             |
| shall not   |            |             |             |             |
| be used.    |            |             |             |             |
| These       |            |             |             |             |
| channel     |            |             |             |             |
| numbers     |            |             |             |             |
| shall also  |            |             |             |             |
| be such     |            |             |             |             |
| that the    |            |             |             |             |
| minimum     |            |             |             |             |
| guard band  |            |             |             |             |
| for each    |            |             |             |             |
| channel     |            |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |            |             |             |             |
| and SCS     |            |             |             |             |
| specified   |            |             |             |             |
| in Table    |            |             |             |             |
| 5.3.3-1 are |            |             |             |             |
| met for     |            |             |             |             |
| carriers    |            |             |             |             |
| located at  |            |             |             |             |
| the upper   |            |             |             |             |
| or lower    |            |             |             |             |
| edge of an  |            |             |             |             |
| operating   |            |             |             |             |
| band.       |            |             |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

### 5.4.3 Synchronization raster

#### 5.4.3.1 Synchronization raster and numbering

The synchronization raster indicates the frequency positions of the
synchronization block that can be used by the UE for system acquisition
when explicit signalling of the synchronization block position is not
present.

A global synchronization raster is defined for all frequencies. The
frequency position of the SS block is defined as SS~REF~ with
corresponding number GSCN. The parameters defining the SS~REF~ and GSCN
for all the frequency ranges are in Table 5.4.3.1-1 for above 3 MHz
channel bandwidth and in Table 5.4.3.1-2 for 3 MHz channel bandwidth.

For band n100, additional parameters defining the SS~REF~ and GSCN are
specified in Table 5.4.3.1-3.

The resource element corresponding to the SS block reference frequency
SS~REF~ is given in clause 5.4.3.2. The synchronization raster and the
subcarrier spacing of the synchronization block is defined separately
for each band.

The synchronization raster and the corresponding SS block do not cover
all possible RF channel bandwidths and locations on Enhanced channel
raster.

Table 5.4.3.1-1: GSCN parameters for the global frequency raster for
above 3 MHz channel bandwidth

+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+
| Frequency range | SS Block        | GSCN         | Range of GSCN |
|                 | frequency       |              |               |
|                 | position        |              |               |
|                 | SS~REF~         |              |               |
+=================+=================+==============+===============+
| 0 -- 3000 MHz   | N \* 1200kHz +  | 3N + (M-3)/2 | 2^2^ -- 7498  |
|                 | M \* 50 kHz,    |              |               |
|                 |                 |              |               |
|                 | N=1:2499, M ϵ   |              |               |
|                 | {1,3,5} ^1^     |              |               |
+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+
| 3000 -- 24250   | 3000 MHz + N \* | 7499 + N     | 7499 -- 22255 |
| MHz             | 1.44 MHz        |              |               |
|                 |                 |              |               |
|                 | N = 0:14756     |              |               |
+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: The     |                 |              |               |
| default value   |                 |              |               |
| for operating   |                 |              |               |
| bands with      |                 |              |               |
| which only      |                 |              |               |
| support SCS     |                 |              |               |
| spaced channel  |                 |              |               |
| raster(s) is    |                 |              |               |
| M=3.            |                 |              |               |
|                 |                 |              |               |
| NOTE 2: GSCN=2  |                 |              |               |
| (corresponding  |                 |              |               |
| to              |                 |              |               |
| ARFCN-ValueNR = |                 |              |               |
| 250) is a       |                 |              |               |
| reserved value  |                 |              |               |
| paired with     |                 |              |               |
| reserved        |                 |              |               |
| operating band  |                 |              |               |
| n200.           |                 |              |               |
+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+

Table 5.4.3.1-2: GSCN parameters for the global frequency for 3 MHz
channel bandwidth

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Range of       | SS block       | GSCN           | Range of GSCN  |
| frequencies    | frequency      |                |                |
| (MHz)          | position       |                |                |
|                | SS~REF~        |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0 -- 1000      | N \* 600 kHz + | 26638+3N +     | 26640 -- 31634 |
|                | M \* 50 kHz +  | (M-3)/2        |                |
|                | 300 kHz,       |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | N = 1:1665, M  |                |                |
|                | ϵ {1,3,5}      |                |                |
|                | (Note 1)       |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Only   |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| 15 PRB         |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
| bandwidth      |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| within 3 MHz   |                |                |                |
| channel        |                |                |                |
| bandwidth with |                |                |                |
| punctured PBCH |                |                |                |
| defined in TS  |                |                |                |
| 38.211 \[6\]   |                |                |                |
| clause         |                |                |                |
| 7.4.3.1.       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.4.3.1-3: Additional GSCN parameters for band n100

+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| SS Block frequency        | GSCN      | Note                      |
| position SS~REF~          |           |                           |
|                           |           |                           |
| (MHz)                     |           |                           |
+===========================+===========+===========================+
| **920.73**                | **41637** | Only applicable for 12    |
|                           |           | PRB transmission          |
|                           |           | bandwidth configuration   |
|                           |           | within 3 MHz channel      |
|                           |           | (with 15 PRB maximum      |
|                           |           | transmission bandwidth    |
|                           |           | configuration) with       |
|                           |           | punctured PBCH defined in |
|                           |           | TS 38.211 \[6\] clause    |
|                           |           | 7.4.3.1.                  |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| **921.45**                | **41638** | Only applicable for 20    |
|                           |           | PRB transmission          |
|                           |           | bandwidth configuration   |
|                           |           | within 5 MHz channel      |
|                           |           | (with 25 PRB maximum      |
|                           |           | transmission bandwidth    |
|                           |           | configuration) with       |
|                           |           | unpunctured PBCH defined  |
|                           |           | in TS 38.211 \[6\] clause |
|                           |           | 7.4.3.1.                  |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+

#### 5.4.3.2 Synchronization raster to synchronization block resource element mapping

The mapping between the synchronization raster and the corresponding
resource element of the SS block is given in Table 5.4.3.2-1.

Table 5.4.3.2-1: Synchronization raster to SS block resource element
mapping

  ------------------------ -----
  Resource element index   120
  ------------------------ -----

is the subcarrier number of SS/PBCH block defined in TS 38.211 clause
7.4.3.1 \[6\].

#### 5.4.3.3 Synchronization raster entries for each operating band

The synchronization raster for above 3 MHz channel bandwidth for each
band is give in Table 5.4.3.3-1. The distance between applicable GSCN
entries is given by the \<Step size\> indicated in Table 5.4.3.3-1.

Table 5.4.3.3-1: Applicable SS raster entries per operating band for
above 3 MHz channel bandwidth

+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR operating   | SS Block SCS | SS Block       | Range of GSCN  |
| band           |              | pattern^1^     |                |
|                |              |                | (First --      |
|                |              |                | \<Step size\>  |
|                |              |                | -- Last)       |
+================+==============+================+================+
| n1             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 5279 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5419        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n2             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4829 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4969        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n3             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4517 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4693        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n5             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2177 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2230        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case B         | 2183 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2224        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n7             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 6554 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6718        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n8             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2318 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2395        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n12            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1828 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1858        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n13            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1871 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1885        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n14            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1901 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1915        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n18            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2156 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2182        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n20            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1982 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2047        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n24            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3818 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3892        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case B         | 3824 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3886        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n25            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4829 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4981        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n26            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2153 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2230        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n28            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1901 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2002        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n29            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1798 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1813        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n30            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 5879 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5893        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n31            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 1161 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1162        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n34            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | NOTE 5         |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 5036 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5050        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n38            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | NOTE 2         |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 6437 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6538        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n39            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | NOTE 6         |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 4712 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4789        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n40            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 5762 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5989        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n41            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 6246 -- \<3\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6717        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 6252 -- \<3\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6714        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n46**^3^**     | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 8993 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 9530        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n48            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 7884 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 7982        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n50            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 3590 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3781        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n51            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n53            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 6215 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6232        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 KHz       | Case C         | 6221 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6226        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n54            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4181 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4182        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n65            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 5279 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5494        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n66            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 5279 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5494        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case B         | 5285 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5488        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n67            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1850 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1888        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n70            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4993 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5044        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n71            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1547 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1624        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n72            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1157 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1159        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n74            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3692 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3790        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n75            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3584 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3787        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n76            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n77            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 7711 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 8329        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n78            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 7711 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 8051        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n79            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 8480 -- \<16\> |
|                |              |                | -- 8880^7^     |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |              |                | 8475 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 8884**^8^** |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n85            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1826 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1858        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n90            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 6246 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6717^10^    |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |              |                | 6245 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6718^11^    |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 6252 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6714        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n91            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n92            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3584 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3787        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n93            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n94            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3584 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3787        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n96**^4^**     | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 9531 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 10363       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n100           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2303 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2307,       |
|                |              |                | 41638^12^      |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n101           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4754 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4768        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 4760 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4764        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n102^9^        | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 9531 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 9877        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n104           | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 9882 -- \<7\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 10358       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n105           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1535 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1624        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n109           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3584 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3787        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: SS     |              |                |                |
| Block pattern  |              |                |                |
| is defined in  |              |                |                |
| clause 4.1 in  |              |                |                |
| TS 38.213      |              |                |                |
| \[8\].         |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 2: The    |              |                |                |
| applicable SS  |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| are GSCN =     |              |                |                |
| {6432, 6443,   |              |                |                |
| 6457, 6468,    |              |                |                |
| 6479, 6493,    |              |                |                |
| 6507, 6518,    |              |                |                |
| 6532, 6543}.   |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 3: The    |              |                |                |
| following GSCN |              |                |                |
| are allowed    |              |                |                |
| for operation  |              |                |                |
| in band n46:   |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| GSCN = {8996,  |              |                |                |
| 9010, 9024,    |              |                |                |
| 9038, 9051,    |              |                |                |
| 9065, 9079,    |              |                |                |
| 9093, 9107,    |              |                |                |
| 9121, 9218,    |              |                |                |
| 9232, 9246,    |              |                |                |
| 9260, 9274,    |              |                |                |
| 9288, 9301,    |              |                |                |
| 9315, 9329,    |              |                |                |
| 9343, 9357,    |              |                |                |
| 9371, 9385,    |              |                |                |
| 9402, 9416,    |              |                |                |
| 9430, 9444,    |              |                |                |
| 9458, 9472,    |              |                |                |
| 9485, 9499,    |              |                |                |
| 9513}.         |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 4: The    |              |                |                |
| following GSCN |              |                |                |
| are allowed    |              |                |                |
| for operation  |              |                |                |
| in band n96:   |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| GSCN = {9548,  |              |                |                |
| 9562, 9576,    |              |                |                |
| 9590, 9603,    |              |                |                |
| 9617,9631,     |              |                |                |
| 9645, 9659,    |              |                |                |
| 9673, 9687,    |              |                |                |
| 9701, 9714,    |              |                |                |
| 9728, 9742,    |              |                |                |
| 9756, 9770,    |              |                |                |
| 9784, 9798,    |              |                |                |
| 9812, 9826,    |              |                |                |
| 9840, 9853,    |              |                |                |
| 9867, 9881,    |              |                |                |
| 9895, 9909,    |              |                |                |
| 9923, 9937,    |              |                |                |
| 9951, 9964,    |              |                |                |
| 9978, 9992,    |              |                |                |
| 10006, 10020,  |              |                |                |
| 10034, 10048,  |              |                |                |
| 10062, 10076,  |              |                |                |
| 10090, 10103,  |              |                |                |
| 10117, 10131,  |              |                |                |
| 10145, 10159,  |              |                |                |
| 10173, 10187,  |              |                |                |
| 10201, 10214,  |              |                |                |
| 10228, 10242,  |              |                |                |
| 10256, 10270,  |              |                |                |
| 10284, 10298,  |              |                |                |
| 10312, 10325,  |              |                |                |
| 10339, 10353}. |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 5: The    |              |                |                |
| applicable SS  |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| are GSCN =     |              |                |                |
| {5032, 5043,   |              |                |                |
| 5054}          |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 6: The    |              |                |                |
| applicable SS  |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| are GSCN =     |              |                |                |
| {4707, 4715,   |              |                |                |
| 4718, 4729,    |              |                |                |
| 4732, 4743,    |              |                |                |
| 4747, 4754,    |              |                |                |
| 4761, 4768,    |              |                |                |
| 4772, 4782,    |              |                |                |
| 4786, 4793}    |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 7: The SS |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| apply for      |              |                |                |
| channel        |              |                |                |
| bandwidths     |              |                |                |
| larger than or |              |                |                |
| equal to 40    |              |                |                |
| MHz            |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 8: The SS |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| apply for      |              |                |                |
| channel        |              |                |                |
| bandwidths     |              |                |                |
| smaller than   |              |                |                |
| 40 MHz         |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 9: The    |              |                |                |
| following GSCN |              |                |                |
| are allowed    |              |                |                |
| for operation  |              |                |                |
| in band n102:  |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| GSCN = {9548,  |              |                |                |
| 9562, 9576,    |              |                |                |
| 9590, 9603,    |              |                |                |
| 9617,9631,     |              |                |                |
| 9645, 9659,    |              |                |                |
| 9673, 9687,    |              |                |                |
| 9701, 9714,    |              |                |                |
| 9728, 9742,    |              |                |                |
| 9756, 9770,    |              |                |                |
| 9784, 9798,    |              |                |                |
| 9812, 9826,    |              |                |                |
| 9840, 9853,    |              |                |                |
| 9867}.         |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 10: The   |              |                |                |
| SS raster      |              |                |                |
| entries apply  |              |                |                |
| for channel    |              |                |                |
| bandwidths     |              |                |                |
| larger than or |              |                |                |
| equal to 10    |              |                |                |
| MHz.           |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 11: The   |              |                |                |
| SS raster      |              |                |                |
| entries apply  |              |                |                |
| for channel    |              |                |                |
| bandwidth      |              |                |                |
| equal to 5 MHz |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 12:       |              |                |                |
| **Only         |              |                |                |
| applicable**   |              |                |                |
| for 20 PRB     |              |                |                |
| transmission   |              |                |                |
| bandwidth      |              |                |                |
| configuration  |              |                |                |
| within 5 MHz   |              |                |                |
| channel with   |              |                |                |
| unpunctured    |              |                |                |
| PBCH defined   |              |                |                |
| in TS 38.211   |              |                |                |
| \[6\] clause   |              |                |                |
| 7.4.3.1.       |              |                |                |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+

The synchronization raster for channel bandwidth 3 MHz for each band is
given in Table 5.4.3.3-2. The distance between applicable GSCN entries
is given by the \<Step size\> indicated in Table 5.4.3.3-2.

Table 5.4.3.3-2: Applicable SS raster entries per operating band for 3
MHz channel bandwidth

+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR *operating  | SS Block SCS | SS Block       | Range of GSCN  |
| band*          |              | pattern^1^     |                |
|                |              |                | (First --      |
|                |              |                | \<Step size\>  |
|                |              |                | -- Last)       |
+================+==============+================+================+
| n26            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 30937 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 31100       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n28            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 30432 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 30644       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n31            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 28955 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 28967       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n72            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 28947 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 28959       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n85            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 30282 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 30359       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n100           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 31240 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 31242,      |
|                |              |                |                |
|                |              |                | 31244 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 31253,      |
|                |              |                |                |
|                |              |                | 41637^2^       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n106           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 31317 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 31329       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: SS     |              |                |                |
| Block pattern  |              |                |                |
| is defined in  |              |                |                |
| clause 4.1 in  |              |                |                |
| TS 38.213      |              |                |                |
| \[8\].         |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 2: **Only |              |                |                |
| applicable for |              |                |                |
| 12 PRB         |              |                |                |
| transmission   |              |                |                |
| bandwidth      |              |                |                |
| configuration  |              |                |                |
| within 3 MHz   |              |                |                |
| channel with   |              |                |                |
| punctured PBCH |              |                |                |
| defined in TS  |              |                |                |
| 38.211 \[6\]   |              |                |                |
| clause         |              |                |                |
| 7.4.3.1.**     |              |                |                |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+

### 5.4.4 TX--RX frequency separation

The default TX channel (carrier centre frequency) to RX channel (carrier
centre frequency) separation for operating bands is specified in Table
5.4.4-1.

Table 5.4.4-1: UE TX-RX frequency separation

+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| **NR Operating Band**             | **TX -- RX\                     |
|                                   | carrier centre frequency\       |
|                                   | separation**                    |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n1                                | 190 MHz                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n2                                | 80 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n3                                | 95 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n5                                | 45 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n7                                | 120 MHz                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n8                                | 45 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n12                               | 30 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n13                               | -31 MHz                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n14                               | -30 MHz                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n18                               | 45 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n20                               | -41 MHz                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n24                               | -101.5, -120.5 MHz              |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n25                               | 80 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n26                               | 45 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n28                               | 55 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n30                               | 45 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n31                               | 10 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n65                               | 190 MHz                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n66                               | 400 MHz                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n70                               | 300 MHz                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n71                               | -46 MHz                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n72                               | 10 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n74                               | 48 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n85                               | 30 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n91                               | 570 MHz -- 595 MHz              |
|                                   |                                 |
|                                   | (NOTE 2)                        |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n92                               | 575 MHz -- 680 MHz (*μ* = 0)    |
|                                   |                                 |
|                                   | 580 MHz -- 675 MHz (*μ* = 1)    |
|                                   |                                 |
|                                   | (NOTE 2)                        |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n93                               | 517 MHz -- 547 MHz              |
|                                   |                                 |
|                                   | (NOTE 2)                        |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n94                               | 522 MHz -- 632 MHz (*μ* = 0)    |
|                                   |                                 |
|                                   | 527 MHz -- 627 MHz (*μ* = 1)    |
|                                   |                                 |
|                                   | (NOTE 2)                        |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n100                              | 45 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n105                              | -51 MHz                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n106                              | 39 MHz                          |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| n109                              | **704 MHz - 809 MHz (*μ* = 0)** |
|                                   |                                 |
|                                   | **709 MHz - 804 MHz (*μ* = 1)** |
|                                   |                                 |
|                                   | (NOTE 2)                        |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Void                      |                                 |
|                                   |                                 |
| NOTE 2: The range of TX-RX        |                                 |
| frequency separation given paired |                                 |
| UL and DL channel bandwidths      |                                 |
| BW~UL~ and BW~DL~ is given by the |                                 |
| respective lower and upper limit  |                                 |
| F~DL\_low~ -- F~UL\_high~ +       |                                 |
| 0.5(BW~DL~ + BW~UL~) and          |                                 |
| F~DL\_high~ -- F~UL\_low~ --      |                                 |
| 0.5(BW~DL~ + BW~UL~). The UL and  |                                 |
| DL channel bandwidth combinations |                                 |
| specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and    |                                 |
| 5.3.6-1 depend on the subcarrier  |                                 |
| spacing configuration *μ* \[6\].  |                                 |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+

5.4A Channel arrangement for CA
-------------------------------

### 5.4A.1 Channel spacing for CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation with two or more component
carriers, the nominal channel spacing between two adjacent NR component
carriers is defined as the following unless stated otherwise:

For NR operating bands with a 100 kHz or 10 kHz channel raster:

while for NR operating bands without a 100 kHz channel raster:

with

*n = µ~0~*

where BW~Channel(1)~ and BW~Channel(2)~ are the channel bandwidths of
the two respective NR component carriers according to Table 5.3.2-1 with
values in MHz, *μ~0~* is the largest *μ* value among the subcarrier
spacing configurations supported in the operating band for both of the
channel bandwidths according to Table 5.3.5-1 and *GB~Channel(i)~* is
the minimum guard band for channel bandwidth i according to Table
5.3.3-1 for the said *μ* value with *μ* as defined in TS 38.211. In case
there is no common μ value for both of the channel bandwidths, *μ~0~*=1
is selected and *GB~Channel(i)~* is the minimum guard band for channel
bandwidth i according to Table 5.3.3-1 for *μ=1* with *μ* as defined in
TS 38.211.

The channel spacing for intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation can be
adjusted to any multiple of least common multiple of channel raster and
sub-carrier spacing less than the nominal channel spacing to optimize
performance in a particular deployment scenario.

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation in NR bands restricted to
operation with shared-spectrum channel access, the maximum deviation
from the nominal channel spacing is 300 kHz.

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation, the channel spacing
between two NR component carriers in different sub-blocks shall be
larger than the nominal channel spacing defined in this clause.

### 5.4A.2 Channel raster for CA

For inter-band and intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the
channel raster requirements in clause 5.4.2 apply for each operating
band.

### 5.4A.3 Synchronization raster for CA

For inter-band and intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the
synchronization raster requirements in clause 5.4.3 apply for each
operating band.

### 5.4A.4 Tx-Rx frequency separation for CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation, the Tx-Rx frequency separation
requirements in clause 5.4.4 apply for each operating band.

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the same TX-RX frequency
separation as specified in Table 5.4.4-1 is applied to PCC and SCC,
respectively.

5.4B Reserved
-------------

5.4C Reserved
-------------

5.4D Reserved
-------------

5.4E Channel arrangement for V2X
--------------------------------

### 5.4E.1 Channel spacing

For NR V2X, the channel spacing requirements in clause 5.4.1 apply for
each operating band.

### 5.4E.1A Channel spacing for Sidelink CA

For NR sidelink CA operation, the channel spacing requirements in clause
5.4A.1 apply.

### 5.4E.1F Channel spacing for Sidelink Unlicensed

For NR SL-U operation, the channel spacing requirements in clause 5.4.1
apply for each operating band.

### 5.4E.2 Channel raster

#### 5.4E.2.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster

For NR V2X, the NR-ARFCN and channel raster requirements in clause
5.4.2.1 apply for each operating band.

For NR V2X UE, the reference frequency can be shifted by configuration.

F~REF\_V2X~ = F~REF~ + Δ~shift~ + N \* 5 kHz

where

> Δ~shift~ = 0 kHz or 7.5 kHz indicated in IE (*frequencyShift7p5khz*),
> and
>
> N can be set as one of following values {-1, 0, 1}, which are
> signalled by the network in higher layer parameters or configured by
> pre-configuration parameters.

#### 5.4E.2.1A Void

#### 5.4E.2.1F Void

#### 5.4E.2.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping

For NR V2X, the channel raster to resource element mapping requirements
in clause 5.4.2.2 apply for each operating band.

#### 5.4E.2.2A Void

#### 5.4E.2.2F Void

#### 5.4E.2.3 Channel raster entries for each operating band

For NR V2X, the channel raster entries requirements in clause 5.4.2.3
apply for each operating band.

The RF channel positions on the channel raster in each NR V2X operating
band are given through the applicable NR-ARFCN in Table 5.4.2.3-1, using
the channel raster to resource element mapping in clause 5.4.2.2.

For NR V2X operating band n47, ΔF~Raster~ = *I* × ΔF~Global~, where *I ϵ
{1}.* Every *I^th^* NR‑ARFCN within the operating band are applicable
for the channel raster within the operating band and the step size for
the channel raster in Table 5.4.2.3-1 is given as \<*I*\>.

#### 5.4E.2.3A Void

#### 5.4E.2.3F Void

### 5.4E.2A Channel raster for Sidelink CA

#### 5.4E.2A.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster for Sidelink CA

For NR SL intra-band contiguous CA operation, the NR-ARFCN and channel
raster requirements in clause 5.4E.2.1 apply for each component carrier.

#### 5.4E.2A.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping for Sidelink CA

For NR SL intra-band contiguous CA operation, the channel raster to
resource element mapping requirements in clause 5.4.2.2 apply for each
component carrier.

#### 5.4E.2A.3 Channel raster entries for each operating band for Sidelink CA

For NR SL intra-band contiguous CA operation, the channel raster entries
requirements in clause 5.4E.2.3 apply for each component carrier.

### 5.4E.2F Channel raster for Sidelink Unlicensed

#### 5.4E.2F.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster for Sidelink Unlicensed

For NR SL-U operation, the general requirements in clause 5.4.2 are
applied.

NR-ARFCN and channel raster requirements in clause 5.4.2.1 are applied
for NR SL-U with following exception:

> \- N\*5kHz/7.5kHz frequency raster shift, which can be used in NR V2X
> in band n47 is not defined for NR SL-U operation in bands n46, n96,
> n102.
>
> \- Channel raster entries for each operating band requirements in
> clause 5.4.2.3 are applied for NR SL-U with following exception:
> Channel raster points for 10MHz CBW in band n46 as defined in Table
> 5.4.2.3-2 are not applicable for NR SL-U.

#### 5.4E.2F.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping for Sidelink Unlicensed

The mapping between the RF reference frequency on the channel raster and
the corresponding resource element is given in Table 5.4.2.2-1 and can
be used to identify the RF channel position. The mapping depends on the
total number of RBs that are allocated in the channel and applies to
both Tx and Rx for SL. The mapping must apply to at least one numerology
supported by the UE.

#### 5.4E.2F.3 Channel raster entries for Sidelink Unlicensed

For NR SL-U operation, the channel raster entries requirements in clause
5.4.2.3 apply for each operating band.

### 5.4E.3 Synchronization raster for V2X

There is no synchronization raster definition for NR V2X for both
licensed bands and unlicensed bands.

### 5.4E.3A Synchronization raster for Sidelink CA

There is no synchronization raster definition for NR SL CA operating
bands.

### 5.4E.3F Synchronization raster for Sidelink Unlicensed

There is no synchronization raster definition for NR SL-U operating
bands n46, n96, n102.

5.4I Channel arrangement for (e)RedCap
--------------------------------------

### 5.4I.1 Channel spacing for (e)RedCap

For (e)RedCap UEs, the channel spacing requirements in clause 5.4.1
apply for each operating band.

### 5.4I.2 Channel raster for (e)RedCap

#### 5.4I.2.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster

For (e)RedCap UEs, the NR-ARFCN and channel raster requirements in
clause 5.4.2.1 apply for each operating band.

#### 5.4I.2.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping

For (e)RedCap UEs, the channel raster to resource element mapping
requirements in clause 5.4.2.2 apply for each operating band.

#### 5.4I.2.3 Channel raster entries for each operating band

For (e)RedCap UEs, the RF channel positions on the channel raster in
each NR operating band are given through the applicable NR-ARFCN in
Table 5.4.2.3‑1 and additional intermediary NR-ARFCN with a step size of
\<2\> for operating bands that are included in Table 5.4.2.3-1 with a
step size of \<20\>, using the channel raster to resource element
mapping in clause 5.4I.2.2.

For NR operating bands included in Table 5.4.2.3-1 with a step size of
\<20\>, the channel raster for (e)RedCap UEs is defined with ΔF~Raster~
= 2 × ΔF~Global~. In this case every 2^nd^ NR-ARFCN within the operating
band are applicable for the channel raster within the operating band and
the step size for the channel raster is given as \<2\>, every 10^th^ of
these channel raster entries coincides with entries defined in Table
5.4.2.3-1 for this operating band.

### 5.4I.3 Synchronization raster for (e)RedCap

For (e)RedCap UEs, the synchronization raster requirements in clause
5.4.3 apply for each operating band. The synchronization raster and the
corresponding SS block do not cover all possible RF channel bandwidths
and locations on the channel raster defined in sub-clause 5.4I.2.

### 5.4I.4 Tx-Rx frequency separation for (e)RedCap

For (e)RedCap UEs, the Tx-Rx frequency separation requirements in clause
5.4.4 apply for each operating band.
