3GPP TS 38.114 V18.4.0 (2024-12)

Technical Specification

3rd Generation Partnership Project;

Technical Specification Group Radio Access Network;

NR;

Repeaters ElectroMagnetic Compatibility (EMC)

(Release 18)

![](./media/image1.png){width="1.4479166666666667in"
height="0.8645833333333334in"}
![3GPP-logo\_web](./media/image2.png){width="1.7777777777777777in"
height="1.038888888888889in"}

The present document has been developed within the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP ^TM^) and may be further elaborated for the
purposes of 3GPP..\
The present document has not been subject to any approval process by the
3GPP Organizational Partners and shall not be implemented.\
This Specification is provided for future development work within 3GPP
only. The Organizational Partners accept no liability for any use of
this Specification.\
Specifications and Reports for implementation of the 3GPP ^TM^ system
should be obtained via the 3GPP Organizational Partners\' Publications
Offices.

> Keywords
>
> \<\>
>
> ***3GPP***
>
> Postal address
>
> 3GPP support office address
>
> 650 Route des Lucioles - Sophia Antipolis
>
> Valbonne - FRANCE
>
> Tel.: +33 4 92 94 42 00 Fax: +33 4 93 65 47 16
>
> Internet
>
> http://www.3gpp.org

***Copyright Notification***

No part may be reproduced except as authorized by written permission.\
The copyright and the foregoing restriction extend to reproduction in
all media.

© 2024, 3GPP Organizational Partners (ARIB, ATIS, CCSA, ETSI, TSDSI,
TTA, TTC).

All rights reserved.

UMTS™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its members

3GPP™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its Members
and of the 3GPP Organizational Partners\
LTE™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its Members
and of the 3GPP Organizational Partners

GSM® and the GSM logo are registered and owned by the GSM Association

Contents

Foreword 5

1 Scope 7

2 References 7

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations 9

3.1 Definitions 9

3.2 Symbols 13

3.3 Abbreviations 13

4 Test conditions 13

4.1 General 13

4.2 Arrangements for establishing a communication link 14

4.3 Narrow band responses 14

4.4 Exclusion bands 15

4.5 NR repeaters test configurations 15

5 Performance assessment 17

5.1 General 17

5.2 NR repeaters and NCR 17

5.3 Ancillary equipment 17

6 Performance criteria 18

6.1 Performance criteria for continuous phenomena 18

6.1.1A Performance criteria for continuous phenomena for NR repeaters
and NCR-Fwd 18

6.1.1 Performance criteria for continuous phenomena for NCR-MT 18

6.2 Performance criteria for transient phenomena 19

6.2.1A Performance criteria for transient phenomena for NR repeaters and
NCR-Fwd 19

6.2.1 Performance criteria for transient phenomena for NCR-MT 19

6.3 Performance criteria for continuous phenomena for Ancillary
equipment 19

6.4 Performance criteria for transient phenomena for Ancillary equipment
20

7 Applicability overview 20

7.0 General 20

7.1 Emission 20

7.2 Immunity 21

8 Emission 21

8.1 Test configurations 21

8.2 Radiated emission 22

8.2.1 Radiated emission, Repeater and NCR 22

8.2.1.1 Definition 22

8.2.1.2 Test method 22

8.2.1.3 Limits 23

8.2.1.4 Interpretation of the measurement results 23

8.2.2 Radiated emission, ancillary equipment 24

8.2.2.1 Definition 24

8.2.2.2 Test method 24

8.2.2.3 Limits 24

8.3 Conducted emission DC power input/output port 25

8.3.1 Definition 25

8.3.2 Test method 25

8.3.3 Limits 25

8.4 Conducted emissions, AC mains power input/output port 25

8.4.1 Definition 25

8.4.2 Test method 25

8.4.3 Limits 25

8.5 Conducted emissions, telecommunication port 26

8.5.1 Definition 26

8.5.2 Test method 26

8.5.3 Limits 26

8.6 Harmonic Current emissions (AC mains input port) 26

8.7 Voltage fluctuations and flicker (AC mains input port) 26

9 Immunity 26

9.1 Test configurations 26

9.2 RF electromagnetic field (80 MHz - 6000 MHz) 28

9.2.1 Definition 28

9.2.2 Test method and level 28

9.2.3 Performance criteria 29

9.3 Electrostatic discharge 29

9.3.1 Definition 29

9.3.2 Test method and level 29

9.3.3 Performance criteria 30

9.4 Fast transients common mode 30

9.4.1 Definition 30

9.4.2 Test method and level 30

9.4.3 Performance criteria 30

9.5 RF common mode (0.15 MHz - 80 MHz) 30

9.5.1 Definition 31

9.5.2 Test method and level 31

9.5.3 Performance criteria 31

9.6 Voltage dips and interruptions 31

9.6.1 Definition 31

9.6.2 Test method and level 31

9.6.3 Performance criteria 32

9.7 Surges, common and differential mode 32

9.7.1 Definition 32

9.7.2 Test method and level 32

9.7.2.1 Test method for telecommunication ports directly connected to
outdoor cables 33

9.7.2.2 Test method for telecommunication ports connected to indoor
cables 33

9.7.2.3 Test method for AC power ports 33

9.7.3 Performance criteria 33

Annex A (informative): Change history 34

 Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

In the present document, modal verbs have the following meanings:

**shall** indicates a mandatory requirement to do something

**shall not** indicates an interdiction (prohibition) to do something

The constructions \"shall\" and \"shall not\" are confined to the
context of normative provisions, and do not appear in Technical Reports.

The constructions \"must\" and \"must not\" are not used as substitutes
for \"shall\" and \"shall not\". Their use is avoided insofar as
possible, and they are not used in a normative context except in a
direct citation from an external, referenced, non-3GPP document, or so
as to maintain continuity of style when extending or modifying the
provisions of such a referenced document.

**should** indicates a recommendation to do something

**should not** indicates a recommendation not to do something

**may** indicates permission to do something

**need not** indicates permission not to do something

The construction \"may not\" is ambiguous and is not used in normative
elements. The unambiguous constructions \"might not\" or \"shall not\"
are used instead, depending upon the meaning intended.

**can** indicates that something is possible

**cannot** indicates that something is impossible

The constructions \"can\" and \"cannot\" are not substitutes for \"may\"
and \"need not\".

**will** indicates that something is certain or expected to happen as a
result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

**will not** indicates that something is certain or expected not to
happen as a result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which
is outside the scope of the present document

**might** indicates a likelihood that something will happen as a result
of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside the
scope of the present document

**might not** indicates a likelihood that something will not happen as a
result of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

In addition:

**is** (or any other verb in the indicative mood) indicates a statement
of fact

**is not** (or any other negative verb in the indicative mood) indicates
a statement of fact

The constructions \"is\" and \"is not\" do not indicate requirements.

1 Scope
=======

The present document covers the assessment of NR repeater,
network-controlled repeater and ancillary equipment in respect of
Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC). For network-controlled repeater
(NCR), requirements for NCR-Fwd and NCR-MT apply.

The present document specifies the applicable requirements, procedures,
test conditions, performance assessment and performance criteria for NR
repeater, NCR and associated ancillary equipment in the following
categories:

\- NR repeater equipped with antenna connectors which are possible to be
terminated during EMC testing, meeting the *repeater type 1-C* RF
requirements of TS 38.106 \[2\], with conformance demonstrated by
compliance to TS 38.115-1 \[3\].

\- NR repeater not equipped with antenna connectors, i.e. with antenna
elements radiating during the EMC testing, meeting the *repeater type
2-O* RF requirements of TS 38.106 \[2\], with conformance demonstrated
by compliance to TS 38.115-2 \[4\].

\- NCR equipped with antenna connectors or TAB connectors which are
possible to terminated during EMC testing, meeting the NCR-Fwd/MT type
1-C and type 1-H RF requirements of TS 38.106 \[2\], with conformance
demonstrated by compliance to TS38.115-1\[3\].

\- NCR not equipped with antenna connectors, i.e. with antenna elements
radiating during the EMC testing, meeting the NCR-Fwd/MT type 2-O RF
requirements of TS 38.106 \[2\], with conformance demonstrated by
compliance to TS38.115-2\[4\].

The environment classification used in the present document refers to
the residential, commercial and light industrial environment
classification used in IEC 61000‑6-1 \[6\], IEC 61000-6-3 \[7\] and IEC
61000-6-8 \[24\].

The EMC requirements have been selected to ensure an adequate level of
compatibility for apparatus at residential, commercial and light
industrial environments. The levels, however, do not cover extreme cases
which may occur in any location but with low probability of occurrence.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\"

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.106: \"NR Repeater Radio Transmission and Reception\"

\[3\] 3GPP TS 38.115-1: \"NR; Repeater conformance testing - Part 1:
Conducted conformance testing\"

\[4\] 3GPP TS 38.115-2: \"NR; Repeater conformance testing - Part 1:
Radiated conformance testing\"

\[5\] CISPR 32: \"Electromagnetic compatibility of multimedia equipment
- Emission requirements\".

\[6\] IEC 61000‑6-1: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part 6-1:
Generic standards - Immunity for residential, commercial and
light-industrial environments\".

\[7\] IEC 61000-6-3: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part 6-3:
Generic standards - Emission standard for equipment in residential
environments\".

\[8\] IEC 61000-3-2: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part 3-2:
Limits - Limits for harmonic current emissions (equipment input current
≤ 16 A per phase)\".

\[9\] IEC 61000-3-3: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part 3-3:
Limits - Limitation of voltage changes, voltage fluctuations and flicker
in low-voltage supply systems, for equipment with rated current ≤ 16 A
per phase and not subject to conditional connection\".

\[10\] IEC 61000-3-11: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part
3-11: Limits -- Limitation of voltage changes, voltage fluctuations and
flicker in low-voltage supply systems - Equipment with rated current ≤
75 A and subject to conditional connections\".

\[11\] IEC 61000-3-12: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part
3-12: Limits - Limits for harmonic currents produced by equipment
connected to public low-voltage system with input current \>16 A and ≤
75 A per phase\".

\[12\] IEC 61000‑4‑2: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part 4-2:
Testing and measurement techniques - Electrostatic discharge immunity
test\".

\[13\] IEC 61000‑4‑3:2006+AMD1:2007+AMD2:2010 CSV: \"Electromagnetic
compatibility (EMC) - Part 4-3: Testing and measurement techniques -
Radiated, radio-frequency, electromagnetic field immunity test\".

\[14\] IEC 61000‑4‑4: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part 4-4:
Testing and measurement techniques - Electrical fast transient/burst
immunity test\".

\[15\] IEC 61000‑4‑5: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part 4-5:
Testing and measurement techniques - Surge immunity test\".

\[16\] IEC 61000‑4‑6: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part 4-6:
Testing and measurement techniques - Immunity to conducted disturbances,
induced by radio frequency fields\".

\[17\] IEC 61000‑4‑11: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part
4-11: Testing and measurement techniques - Voltage dips, short
interruptions and voltage variations immunity tests\".

\[18\] IEC 61000‑4‑21: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part
4-21: Testing and measurement techniques - Reverberation chamber test
methods\".

\[19\] ITU-R SM.329: \"Unwanted emissions in the spurious domain\".

\[20\] IEC 60050-161: \"International Electrotechnical Vocabulary -
Chapter 161: Electromagnetic compatibility\".

\[21\] ETSI EN 301 489-1: \"Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) standard
for radio equipment and services - Part 1: Common technical requirements
- Harmonised Standard for Electromagnetic Compatibility \".

\[22\] ETSI EN 301 489-50: \"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)
standard for radio equipment and services; Part 50: Specific conditions
for cellular communication base station (BS), repeater and ancillary
equipment; Harmonised standard covering the essential requirements of
article 3.1(b) of the Directive 2014/53/EU\".

\[23\] 3GPP TS 38.101-4: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission
and reception; Part 4: Performance requirements\".

\[24\] IEC 61000-6-8:\"Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part 6-8:
Generic standards - Emission standard for professional equipment in
commercial and light-industrial locations\".

\[25\] CISPR 16-1-4:\"Specification for radio disturbance and immunity
measuring apparatus and methods - Part 1-4: Radio disturbance and
immunity measuring apparatus - Antennas and test sites for radiated
disturbance measurements\".

\[26\] ITU-R SM.1539-1:\"Variation of the boundary between the
out-of-band and spurious domains required for the application of
Recommendations ITU-R SM.1541 and ITU-R SM.329  \".

\[27\] CISPR 16-4-2 :\"Specification for radio disturbance and immunity
measuring apparatus and methods - Part 4-2: Uncertainties, statistics
and limit modelling - Measurement instrumentation uncertainty\".

\[28\] ETSI TR 100 028-1:\"Electromagnetic Compatibility and Radio
Spectrum Matters (ERM); Uncertainties in the Measurement of Mobile Radio
Equipment Characteristics; Part 1\".

\[29\] 3GPP TR 38.867:\"Study on NR network-controlled repeaters\".

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same term,
if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

**ancillary equipment: electrical or electronic equipment, that is
intended to be used with a receiver or transmitter**

NOTE: It is considered as an ancillary equipment if:

the equipment is intended for use with a receiver or transmitter to
provide additional operational and/or control features to the radio
equipment, (e.g. to extend control to another position or location); and

the equipment cannot be used on a stand alone basis to provide user
functions independently of a receiver or transmitter; and

the receiver or transmitter, to which it is connected, is capable of
providing some intended operation such as transmitting and/or receiving
without the ancillary equipment (i.e. it is not a sub-unit of the main
equipment essential to the main equipment basic functions).

**antenna port: for EMC purposes,** *port* for connection of an antenna
used for intentional transmission and/or reception of radiated RF
energy, equivalent to an RF antenna connector.

**channel bandwidth:** the RF bandwidth supporting a single NR RF
carrier with the transmission bandwidth configured in the uplink or
downlink of a cell. The *channel bandwidth* is measured in MHz and is
used as a reference for transmitter and receiver RF requirements.

**continuous phenomena:** electromagnetic disturbance, the effects of
which on a particular device or equipment cannot be resolved into a
succession of distinct effects (IEC 60050-161 \[20\]).

**exclusion band:** frequency range(s) not subject to test or
assessment.

**multi-band repeater:** *Repeater Type 1-C* whose *antenna connector*
is associated with a transmitter and/or receiver that is characterized
by the ability to process two or more *passband(s)* in common active RF
components simultaneously, where at least one *passband* is configured
at a different operating band than the other *passband(s)* and where
this different operating band is not a sub-band or superseding-band of
another supported operating band

**NCR-MT:** the NCR-MT is defined as a function entity to communicate
with a gNB via a Control link (C-link) to enable exchange of control
information (e.g. side control information at least for the control of
NCR-Fwd). The C-link is based on NR Uu interface.

**NCR-Fwd:** the NCR-Fwd is defined as a function entity to perform the
amplify-and-forwarding of UL/DL RF signal between gNB and UE via
backhaul link and access link. The behavior of the NCR-Fwd will be
controlled according to the received side control information from gNB.

![](./media/image3.png){width="4.097222222222222in"
height="1.0069444444444444in"}

Figure 3.1-1: Conceptual model of network-controlled repeater

**NCR type 1-C:** network-controlled repeater including both NCR-MT and
NCR-Fwd operating at FR1 with requirements set consisting only of
conducted requirements defined at individual antenna connectors.

![C:\\Users\\10164284\\AppData\\Local\\Microsoft\\Windows\\INetCache\\Content.MSO\\309A180C.tmp](./media/image4.png){width="3.7736111111111112in"
height="3.9625in"}

Figure 3.1-2: NCR type 1-C downlink and uplink interface

NOTE 1: the NCR-MT and NCR-Fwd may have the same or separate antenna
connectors

**NCR type 1-H:** network-controlled repeater including both NCR-MT and
NCR-Fwd operating at FR1 with a requirement set consisting of conducted
requirements defined at individual TAB connectors and OTA requirements
defined at RIB.

![C:\\Users\\10164284\\AppData\\Local\\Microsoft\\Windows\\INetCache\\Content.MSO\\D7A500AF.tmp](./media/image5.png){width="6.695138888888889in"
height="4.6402777777777775in"}

Figure 3.1-3: NCR type 1-H downlink and uplink interface

NOTE 1: the NCR-MT and NCR-Fwd may have the same or separate TAB
connectors.

**NCR type 2-O:** network-controlled repeater including both NCR-MT and
NCR-Fwd operating at FR2 with a requirement set consisting only of OTA
requirements defined at the RIB.

![C:\\Users\\10164284\\AppData\\Local\\Microsoft\\Windows\\INetCache\\Content.MSO\\4865196B.tmp](./media/image6.png){width="6.695138888888889in"
height="4.638194444444444in"}

Figure 3.1-4: NCR type 2-O downlink and uplink interface

NOTE 1: the NCR-MT and NCR-Fwd may have the same or separate RIB.

**operating band:** frequency range in which NR operates (paired or
unpaired), that is defined with a specific set of technical
requirements.

**passband edge***:* Frequency at the edge of the passband.

**port:** A particular interface, of the specified equipment
(apparatus), with the electromagnetic environment. For example, any
connection point on an equipment intended for connection of cables to or
from that equipment is considered as a port (see Figure 3.1-1).

![](./media/image7.wmf){width="6.0in" height="1.7118055555555556in"}

Figure 3.1-5: Examples of ports

**repeater type 1-C**: Repeater operating at FR1 with a requirement set
consisting only of conducted requirements defined at individual *antenna
connectors*.

**repeater type 2-O:** Repeater operating at FR2 with a requirement set
consisting only of OTA requirements defined at the RIB.

**radiated interface boundary**: *operating band* specific radiated
requirements reference where the radiated requirements apply.

**signal/control port:** *port* intended for the interconnection of
components of an EUT, or between an EUT and associated equipment and
used in accordance with relevant functional specifications (for example
for the maximum length of cable connected to it).

**single-band connector:** *Repeater type 1-C* *antenna connector*
supporting operation either in a single *operating band* only, or in
multiple *operating bands* but does not meet the conditions for a
*multi-band connector*

**spatial exclusion zone: range of angles where no tests of radiated
immunity are made for *repeater type 2-O* (i.e. half sphere around the
EUT\'s radiating direction).**

**telecommunication port:** *ports* which are intended to be connected
to telecommunication networks (e.g. public switched telecommunication
networks, integrated services digital networks), local area networks
(e.g. Ethernet, Token Ring) and similar networks.

NOTE: *Telecommunication port* is called \"wired network port\" in CISPR
32 \[5\] and ETSI EN 301 489-1 \[21\].

**transient phenomena:** pertaining to or designating a phenomena or a
quantity which varies between two consecutive steady states during a
time interval short compared with the time-scale of interest
(IEC 60050-161 \[20\]).

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

BW~Channel~ Channel bandwidth

> P~rated,p,AC~ Rated passband output power per antenna connector

P~rated,p,TRP~ Rated passband TRP output power declared per RIB

P~max,p,AC~ *Maximum passband output power* measured per *antenna
connector*

P~max,p,TRP~ *Maximum passband TRP output power* measured per RIB

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

AC Alternating Current

AMN Artificial Mains Network

CDN Coupling/Decoupling Network

C-link Control link

DC Direct Current

EMC Electromagnetic Compatibility

EUT Equipment Under Test

FR Frequency Range

> NCR Network-controlled repeater
>
> NCR-MT NCR-Mobile termination

NCR-Fwd NCR-Forwarding

NR New Radio

RF Radio Frequency

rms root mean square

4 Test conditions
=================

4.1 General
-----------

Requirements throughout the EMC specifications are in some cases defined
separately for different frequency ranges (FR). The frequency ranges FR1
and FR2 are defined in clause 5.1 of TS 38.106 \[2\]. NR Repeater and
NCR are designed to operate in FR1 and FR2-1.

The equipment shall be tested in normal test environment defined in the
corresponding NR Repeater conformance testing specification TS 38.115-1
\[3\] for *NR Repeater type 1-C, NCR type 1-C and NCR type 1-H* or TS
38.115-2 \[4\] for *NR Repeater type 2-O and NCR type 2-O.* The test
conditions shall be recorded in the test report.

For Repeater capable of multi-band operation, the requirements in the
present document apply for each supported *operating band* unless
otherwise stated. *Operating bands* shall be activated according to the
test configuration in clause 4.5. Tests shall be performed relating to
each type of *port* and all *operating bands* shall be assessed during
the tests.

The manufacturer shall declare the supported *operating band(s)*
according to the list of NR repeater and NCR *operating bands* defined
in TS 38.106 \[2\].

NOTE 1: NR *operating bands* for *NR repeater type 1-C*, *NCR type 1-C*
and *NCR type 1-H*, are declared by the manufacturer according to the
declaration D.2 specified in TS 38.115-1 \[3\], table 4.6-1.

NOTE 2: NR *operating bands* for *NR repeater type 2-O* and *NCR type
2-O,* are declared by the manufacturer according to the declaration D.4
specified in TS 38.115-2 \[4\], table 4.6-1.

4.2 Arrangements for establishing a communication link
------------------------------------------------------

The wanted RF input signal nominal frequency shall be selected by
setting the NR Absolute Radio Frequency Channel Number (NR-ARFCN) to an
appropriate number, as defined in TS 38.106 \[2\], clause 5.3.1.1.

A communication link shall be set up with a suitable test system capable
of evaluating the required performance criteria (hereafter called \"the
test system\") at the radio interface and *telecommunication port(s)*
(the BS interface). The test system shall be located outside of the test
environment.

When the EUT is required to be in the uplink/downlink operation, the
following conditions shall be met:

\- For the *repeater type 1-C*, *NCR type 1-C* and *NCR type 1-H,* the
EUT shall be commanded to operate at maximum rated output power;

\- For the r*epeater type 2-O* and *NCR type 2-O* testing, the EUT
output power shall be configured as stated in clause 8.1 for emission
test and clause 9.1 for immunity test accordingly;

\- Adequate measures shall be taken to avoid the effect of the unwanted
signal on the measuring equipment;

For immunity tests clause 4.3 shall apply and the conditions shall be as
follows.

4.3 Narrow band responses
-------------------------

Responses on uplink or downlink occurring during the immunity test at
discrete frequencies which are narrow band responses (spurious
responses), are identified by the following method:

> \- if during an immunity test the quantity being monitored goes
> outside the specified tolerances (clause 6), it is necessary to
> establish whether the deviation is due to a narrow band response or to
> a wide band (EMC) phenomenon. Therefore, the test shall be repeated
> with the unwanted signal frequency increased, and then decreased by 2
> x BW~Channel~ MHz, where BW~Channel~ is the channel bandwidth as
> defined in TS 38.106 \[2\], clause 5.3;

\- if the deviation disappears in either one or both of the above MHz
offset cases, then the response is considered as a narrow band response;

\- if the deviation does not disappear, this may be due to the fact that
the offset has made the frequency of the unwanted signal correspond to
the frequency of another narrow band response. Under these circumstances
the procedure is repeated with the increase and decrease of the
frequency of the unwanted signal set to 2.5 x BW~Channel~ MHz;

\- if the deviation does not disappear with the increased and/or
decreased frequency, the phenomenon is considered wide band and
therefore an EMC problem and the equipment fails the test.

For immunity test narrow band responses are disregarded.

For EUT capable of multi-band operation, all supported *operating bands*
shall be considered for narrowband responses.

4.4 Exclusion bands
-------------------

The *exclusion band* for NR repeater and NCR is the frequency range over
which no tests of radiated immunity are made in UL or DL.

The *exclusion band* for DL is defined as:

F~DL,low~ -- Δf~OBUE~ \< f \< F~DL,high~ + Δf~OBUE~

Where values of F~DL,low~ and F~DL,high~ are defined for each *operating
band* in TS 38.106 \[2\], clause 5.2.

The *exclusion band* for UL is defined as:

F~UL,low~ -- Δf~OBUE~ \< f \< F~UL,high~ + Δf~OBUE~

Where values of F~UL,low~ and F~UL,high~ are defined for each *operating
band* in TS 38.106 \[2\], clause 5.2.

For NR repeater and NCR capable of multi-band operation, the total
*exclusion band* is a combination of the *exclusion bands* for each
*operating band* supported by NR repeater or NCR.

The Δf~OBUE~ values are defined in table 4.4-1 for both DL and UL.

Table 4.4-1: Δf~OBUE~ offset values

+--------------------+------------------------------+----------------+
|                    | *Operating band*             | Δf~OBUE~ (MHz) |
|                    | characteristics              |                |
+====================+==============================+================+
| NCR type 1-H       | F~DL,high~ -- F~DL,low~ \<   | 10             |
|                    | 100 MHz, or                  |                |
|                    |                              |                |
|                    | F~UL,high~ -- F~UL,low~ \<   |                |
|                    | 100 MHz                      |                |
+--------------------+------------------------------+----------------+
|                    | 100 MHz ≤ F~DL,high~ --      | 40             |
|                    | F~DL,low~ ≤ 900 MHz, or      |                |
|                    |                              |                |
|                    | 100 MHz ≤ F~UL,high~ --      |                |
|                    | F~UL,low~ ≤ 900              |                |
+--------------------+------------------------------+----------------+
| Repeater type 1-C, | F~DL,high~ -- F~DL,low~ \<   | 10             |
|                    | 200 MHz, or                  |                |
|                    |                              |                |
|                    | F~UL,high~ -- F~UL,low~ \<   |                |
|                    | 200 MHz                      |                |
+--------------------+------------------------------+----------------+
| NCR type 1-C       | 200 MHz ≤ F~DL,high~ --      | 40             |
|                    | F~DL,low~ ≤ 900 MHz, or      |                |
|                    |                              |                |
|                    | 200 MHz ≤ F~UL,high~ --      |                |
|                    | F~UL,low~ ≤ 900 MHz          |                |
+--------------------+------------------------------+----------------+

NOTE: As the radiated immunity testing is defined in the frequency range
80 MHz to 6 GHz, there is no exclusion band defined for FR2.

4.5 NR repeaters test configurations
------------------------------------

The present clause defines the NR repeaters test configurations that
shall be used for demonstrating conformance. A single NR repeater
carrier shall be used for testing of single-carrier capable NR
repeaters.

The signal\'s channel bandwidth and subcarrier spacing used to build NR
repeater and NCR Test Configurations shall be selected according to
table 4.7.2-1 in TS *38.115-1 \[3\] clause 4.7* for *NR repeaters type
1-C, NCR type 1-C and NCR type 1-H and table* 4.7.2.1-1 in *TS 38.115-2
\[4\] clause 4.7* for *NR repeaters type 2-O* and *NCR type 2-O. The*
passband frequency range declared per *operating band in TS 38.115-1
\[3\] clause 4.6, and TS 38.115-2 \[4\] clause 4.6 shall be used.*

For other NR repeaters and NCR, the test configurations in tables 4.5-1,
4.5-2, 4.5-3 and 4.5-4 shall be used. The NR repeaters and NCR test
configurations (RTCx) are defined in TS 38.115-1 \[3\], clause 4.7 for
*NR repeaters type 1-C, NCR type 1-C* and *NCR type 1-H* and in
TS 38.115-2 \[4\], clause 4.7 for *NR repeaters type 2-O, NCR type 2-O*.

Table 4.5-1: Test configurations for *NR repeaters type 1-C*

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Repeater | Repeater | Repeater |          |          |          |
| test     | capable  | capable  |          |          |          |
| case     | of       | of       |          |          |          |
|          | single   | mu       |          |          |          |
|          | or       | lti-band |          |          |          |
|          | multiple | o        |          |          |          |
|          | p        | peration |          |          |          |
|          | assbands |          |          |          |          |
|          | in a     |          |          |          |          |
|          | single   |          |          |          |          |
|          | band     |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | Single   | Multiple | Multiple | Common   | Separate |
|          | passband | passband | passband | c        | co       |
|          | repeater | capable  | capable  | onnector | nnectors |
|          |          | repeater | repeater |          |          |
|          |          | with     | with     |          |          |
|          |          | i        | d        |          |          |
|          |          | dentical | ifferent |          |          |
|          |          | pa       | pa       |          |          |
|          |          | rameters | rameters |          |          |
|          |          | per      | per      |          |          |
|          |          | passband | passband |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Emission | RTC1     | RTC1,    | RTC1,    | RTC1/2   | RTC1/2   |
| tests    |          | RTC2     | RTC2     | (Note    | (Note 1, |
|          |          |          |          | 1), RTC4 | 2), RTC4 |
|          |          |          |          |          | (Note 2) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Immunity | RTC1     | RTC1,    | RTC1,    | RTC1/2   | RTC1/2   |
| tests    |          | RTC2     | RTC2     | (Note    | (Note 1, |
|          |          |          |          | 1), RTC4 | 2), RTC4 |
|          |          |          |          |          | (Note 2) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RTC1     |          |          |          |          |          |
| and/or   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RTC2     |          |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |          |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |          |          |          |          |
| in each  |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| upported |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| perating |          |          |          |          |          |
| band.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| For      |          |          |          |          |          |
| sin      |          |          |          |          |          |
| gle-band |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| peration |          |          |          |          |          |
| test,    |          |          |          |          |          |
| other    |          |          |          |          |          |
| antenna  |          |          |          |          |          |
| conn     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ector(s) |          |          |          |          |          |
| is (are) |          |          |          |          |          |
| ter      |          |          |          |          |          |
| minated. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.5-2: Test configurations for *NR repeaters type 2-O*

  Repeater test case   *Repeater capable of single or multiple passbands in a single band*                                                                               
  -------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       Single passband repeater                                              Multiple passband capable repeater with identical parameters per passband   Multiple passband capable repeater with different parameters per passband
  Emission tests       RTC1                                                                  RTC1, RTC2                                                                  RTC1, RTC2
  Immunity tests       RTC1                                                                  RTC1, RTC2                                                                  RTC1, RTC2

Table 4.5-3: Test configurations for *NCR type 1-C, NCR type 1-H*

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Repeater | Repeater | Repeater |          |          |          |
| test     | capable  | capable  |          |          |          |
| case     | of       | of       |          |          |          |
|          | single   | mu       |          |          |          |
|          | or       | lti-band |          |          |          |
|          | multiple | o        |          |          |          |
|          | p        | peration |          |          |          |
|          | assbands |          |          |          |          |
|          | in a     |          |          |          |          |
|          | single   |          |          |          |          |
|          | band     |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | Single   | Multiple | Multiple | Common   | Separate |
|          | passband | passband | passband | c        | co       |
|          | repeater | capable  | capable  | onnector | nnectors |
|          |          | repeater | repeater |          |          |
|          |          | with     | with     |          |          |
|          |          | i        | d        |          |          |
|          |          | dentical | ifferent |          |          |
|          |          | pa       | pa       |          |          |
|          |          | rameters | rameters |          |          |
|          |          | per      | per      |          |          |
|          |          | passband | passband |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Emission | NCRTC1   | NCRTC1,  | NCRTC1,  | NCRTC1/2 | NCRTC1/2 |
| tests    |          | NCRTC2   | NCRTC2   | (Note    | (Note 1, |
|          |          |          |          | 1),      | 3),      |
|          |          |          |          | NCRTC4   | NCRTC4   |
|          |          |          |          |          | (Note 3) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Immunity | NCRTC1   | NCRTC1,  | NCRTC1,  | NCRTC1/2 | NCRTC1/2 |
| tests    |          | NCRTC2   | NCRTC2   | (Note    | (Note 1, |
|          |          |          |          | 1),      | 3),      |
|          |          |          |          | NCRTC4   | NCRTC4   |
|          |          |          |          |          | (Note 3) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| NCRTC1   |          |          |          |          |          |
| and/or   |          |          |          |          |          |
| NCRTC2   |          |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |          |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |          |          |          |          |
| in each  |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| upported |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| perating |          |          |          |          |          |
| band.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| NCRTC4   |          |          |          |          |          |
| may be   |          |          |          |          |          |
| applied  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| Inter    |          |          |          |          |          |
| passband |          |          |          |          |          |
| gap      |          |          |          |          |          |
| only.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| For      |          |          |          |          |          |
| sin      |          |          |          |          |          |
| gle-band |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| peration |          |          |          |          |          |
| test,    |          |          |          |          |          |
| other    |          |          |          |          |          |
| antenna  |          |          |          |          |          |
| conn     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ector(s) |          |          |          |          |          |
| is (are) |          |          |          |          |          |
| ter      |          |          |          |          |          |
| minated. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.5-4: Test configurations for *NCR type 2-O*

  Repeater test case   *Repeater capable of single or multiple passbands in a single band*                                                                               
  -------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       Single passband repeater                                              Multiple passband capable repeater with identical parameters per passband   Multiple passband capable repeater with different parameters per passband
  Emission tests       NCRTC1                                                                NCRTC1, NCRTC2                                                              NCRTC1, NCRTC2
  Immunity tests       NCRTC1                                                                NCRTC1, NCRTC2                                                              NCRTC1, NCRTC2

5 Performance assessment
========================

5.1 General
-----------

The following information shall be recorded in or annexed to the test
report:

\- The primary functions of the radio equipment to be tested during and
after the EMC testing;

\- The intended functions of the radio equipment which shall be in
accordance with the documentation accompanying the equipment;

\- The method to be used to verify that a communications link is
established and maintained;

\- The user-control functions and stored data that are required for
normal operation and the method to be used to assess whether these have
been lost after EMC stress;

\- The *ancillary equipment* to be combined with the radio equipment for
testing (where applicable);

\- The information about *ancillary equipment* intended to be used with
the radio equipment;

\- Information about the common and/or band-specific active RF
components and other hardware blocks for a communication link in EUT
capable of multi-band operation;

\- An exhaustive list of *ports* (or *RIBs*), classified as either power
or signal/control. Power *ports* shall further be classified as AC or DC
power.

Performance assessment of a NR repeater or NCR with multiple enclosures
may be done separately, according to the manufacturer\'s choice.

A communication link used by more than one *operating band*, shall be
assessed on all *operating band*s. Communication link(s) and/or radio
performance parameters for the *operating band*s can during the test be
assessed simultaneously or separately for each band, depending on the
test environment capability.

5.2 NR repeaters and NCR
------------------------

The parameter used for assessment of performance of a NR repeater and
NCR-Fwd is the power accuracy within the operating band.

For downlink assessment of the NCR-MT, a communication link shall be
established between the transmitter (via *port* for the *NCR type 1-C*
and *NCR type 1-H*, or via RIB for the *NCR type 2-O*) and the test
equipment. Test equipment shall meet the requirements for the throughput
assessment defined in TS 38.106 \[2\] for the bearer used in the
immunity tests. The level of the signal supplied to the equipment should
be within the range for which the assessment of throughput is not
impaired. Power control shall be OFF during the immunity testing.

For uplink assessment of the NCR-MT, the value of the throughput at the
output of the receiver shall be monitored at NG interface by using
suitable test equipment.

5.3 Ancillary equipment
-----------------------

At the manufacturer\'s discretion the test may be performed on the
*ancillary equipment* separately or on a representative configuration of
the combination of radio and *ancillary equipment*. In each case EUT is
tested against all applicable immunity and emission clauses of the
present document and in each case, compliance enables the *ancillary
equipment* to be used with different radio equipment.

6 Performance criteria
======================

6.1 Performance criteria for continuous phenomena
-------------------------------------------------

### 6.1.1A Performance criteria for continuous phenomena for NR repeaters and NCR-Fwd

The power accuracy of the EUT shall be measured throughout the period of
exposure of the phenomenon.

For *repeater type 1-C*, *NCR type 1-C*, and *NCR type 1-H,* the
measured output power P~max,p,AC~ during the test shall not change from
the rated passband output power P~rated,p,AC~ measured before the test
by more than ± 1 dB.

For repeater type 2-O and *NCR type 2-O,* the maximum passband TRP
output power P~max,p~,~TRP~ during the test shall not change from the
rated passband TRP output power P~rated,p,TRP~ measured before the test
by more than ± 1 dB.

At the conclusion of the test the EUT shall operate as intended with no
loss of user control functions or stored data.

### 6.1.1 Performance criteria for continuous phenomena for NCR-MT

The test should, where possible, be performed using a bearer with the
characteristics of data rate and throughput defined in table 6.1.1-1 and
table 6.1.1-2. If the test is not performed using one of these bearers
(for example, none of them are supported by the NCR-MT), the
characteristics of the bearer used shall be recorded in the test report.

The throughput in table 6.1.1-1 and table 6.1.1-2 is stated relative to
the maximum throughput of the FRC.

The NCR-MT uplink and downlink paths shall each meet the performance
criteria defined in table 6.1.1-1 and table 6.1.1-2 during the test. If
the uplink and downlink paths are evaluated as a one loop then the
criteria is two times the throughput reduction shown in table 6.1.1-1
for FR1 WA NCR-MT and table 6.1.1-2 for FR2 NCR-MT (i.e. throughput \>
90 % instead of throughput \> 95 %). After each test case NCR-MT shall
operate as intended with no loss of user control function, stored data
and the communication link to both UE and donor test equipment shall be
maintained.

For LA NCR-MT the performance criteria shall be that the throughput
shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement
channel as specified in annex A in TS 38.101-1 \[3\] or TS 38.101-2
\[4\] for FR1 and FR2 respectively, with parameters specified in clause
7.3.2 in TS 38.101-1 \[3\] or TS 38.101-2 \[4\] during the test
sequence.

Table 6.1.1-1: FR1 performance criteria for continuous phenomena for WA
NCR-MT

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR channel     | Sub-carrier    | Bearer         | Performance    |
| bandwidth      | spacing (kHz)  | information    | criteria       |
| (MHz) as       |                | data rate for  |                |
| defined in TS  |                | NCR-MT         | (Note 1, Note  |
| 38.106 section |                |                | 2)             |
| 5.4.2 \[2\]    |                |                |                |
| for NCR-MT     |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| 10, 15         | 30             | G-FR1-A1-22    | Throughput \>  |
|                |                | **in annex A.1 | 95 %,          |
|                |                | in TS 38.106   |                |
|                |                | \[2\]**        | no loss of     |
|                |                |                | service        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10, 15         | 60             | G-FR1-A1-23    |                |
|                |                | **in annex A.1 |                |
|                |                | in TS 38.106   |                |
|                |                | \[2\]**        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 20 to 100      | 30             | G-FR1-A1-25    |                |
|                |                | **in annex A.1 |                |
|                |                | in TS 38.106   |                |
|                |                | \[2\]**        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 20 to 100      | 60             | G-FR1-A1-26    |                |
|                |                | **in annex A.1 |                |
|                |                | in TS 38.106   |                |
|                |                | \[2\]**        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The    |                |                |                |
| performance    |                |                |                |
| criteria,      |                |                |                |
| throughput \>  |                |                |                |
| 95 %, no loss  |                |                |                |
| of service,    |                |                |                |
| applies also   |                |                |                |
| if a bearer    |                |                |                |
| with another   |                |                |                |
| c              |                |                |                |
| haracteristics |                |                |                |
| is used in the |                |                |                |
| test.          |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: The    |                |                |                |
| performance    |                |                |                |
| criteria,      |                |                |                |
| throughput \>  |                |                |                |
| 90 %, no loss  |                |                |                |
| of service,    |                |                |                |
| applies        |                |                |                |
| instead if the |                |                |                |
| uplink and     |                |                |                |
| downlink paths |                |                |                |
| are evaluated  |                |                |                |
| as a one loop. |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 6.1.1-2: FR2-1 performance criteria for continuous phenomena for
NCR-MT

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR channel     | Sub-carrier    | Bearer         | Performance    |
| bandwidth      | spacing (kHz)  | information    | criteria       |
| (MHz)          |                | data rate for  |                |
|                |                | NCR-MT         | (Note 1, Note  |
|                |                |                | 2)             |
+================+================+================+================+
| 50, 100, 200   | 60             | G-FR2-A1-21    | Throughput \>  |
|                |                | **in annex A.1 | 95 %,          |
|                |                | in TS 38.106   |                |
|                |                | \[2\]**        | no loss of     |
|                |                |                | service        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 50             | 120            | G-FR2-A1-22    |                |
|                |                | **in annex A.1 |                |
|                |                | in TS 38.106   |                |
|                |                | \[2\]**        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 100, 200, 400  | 120            | G-FR2-A1-23    |                |
|                |                | **in annex A.1 |                |
|                |                | in TS 38.106   |                |
|                |                | \[2\]**        |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The    |                |                |                |
| performance    |                |                |                |
| criteria,      |                |                |                |
| throughput \>  |                |                |                |
| 95 %, no loss  |                |                |                |
| of service,    |                |                |                |
| applies also   |                |                |                |
| if a bearer    |                |                |                |
| with another   |                |                |                |
| c              |                |                |                |
| haracteristics |                |                |                |
| is used in the |                |                |                |
| test.          |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: The    |                |                |                |
| performance    |                |                |                |
| criteria,      |                |                |                |
| throughput \>  |                |                |                |
| 90 %, no loss  |                |                |                |
| of service,    |                |                |                |
| applies        |                |                |                |
| instead if the |                |                |                |
| uplink and     |                |                |                |
| downlink paths |                |                |                |
| are evaluated  |                |                |                |
| as a one loop. |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

6.2 Performance criteria for transient phenomena
------------------------------------------------

### 6.2.1A Performance criteria for transient phenomena for NR repeaters and NCR-Fwd

The power accuracy of the EUT shall be measured before the test and
after each exposure.

For repeater type 1-C, *NCR-Fwd type 1-C* and *NCR-Fwd type 1-H,* the
measured output power P~max,p,AC~ after each exposure and after the
total test shall not change from the rated passband output power
P~rated,p,AC~ measured before the test by more than ± 1 dB.

For repeater type 2-O and *NCR-Fwd type 2-O*, the maximum passband TRP
output power P~max,p~,~TRP~ after each exposure and after the total test
shall not change from the rated passband TRP output power P~rated,p,TRP~
measured before the test by more than ± 1 dB.

At the conclusion of the total test comprising the series of individual
exposures, the EUT shall operate as intended with no loss of user
control functions or stored data.

### 6.2.1 Performance criteria for transient phenomena for NCR-MT

The test should, where possible, be performed using a bearer with the
characteristics of data rate and throughput defined in table 6.2.1-1 and
table 6.2.1-2. If the test is not performed using one of these bearers
(for example, none of them are supported by the NCR-MT), the
characteristics of the bearer used shall be recorded in the test report.

The NCR-MT uplink and downlink paths shall each meet the performance
criteria defined in table 6.1.1-1 and table 6.1.1-2 during the test. If
the uplink and downlink paths are evaluated as a one loop, then the
criteria is two times the throughput reduction shown in table 6.1.1-1
for FR1 WA NCR-MT and table 6.1.1-2 for FR2 NCR-MT (i.e. throughput \>
90 % instead of throughput \> 95 %). After each test case NCR-MT shall
operate as intended with no loss of user control function, stored data
and the communication link to both UE and donor test equipments shall be
maintained.

For LA NCR-MT the performance criteria shall be that the throughput
shall be ≥ 95% of the maximum throughput of the reference measurement
channel as specified in annex A in TS 38.101-1 \[3\] or TS 38.101-2
\[4\] for FR1 and FR2 respectively, with parameters specified in clause
7.3.2 in TS 38.101-1 \[3\] or TS 38.101-2 \[4\] during the test
sequence.

6.3 Performance criteria for continuous phenomena for Ancillary equipment
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

The apparatus shall continue to operate as intended during and after the
test. No degradation of performance or loss of function is allowed below
the performance level specified by the manufacturer, when the apparatus
is used as intended. The performance level may be replaced by a
permissible performance loss. If the minimum performance level or the
permissible performance loss is not specified by the manufacturer,
either of these may be derived from the product description and
documentation and what the user may reasonably expect from the apparatus
if used as intended.

6.4 Performance criteria for transient phenomena for Ancillary equipment
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The apparatus shall continue to operate as intended after the test. No
degradation of performance or loss of function is allowed below the
performance level specified by the manufacturer, when the apparatus is
used as intended. The performance level may be replaced by a permissible
performance loss. During the test, degradation of performance is however
allowed. If the minimum performance level or the permissible performance
loss is not specified by the manufacturer, either of these may be
derived from the product description and documentation and what the user
may reasonably expect from the apparatus if used as intended.

7 Applicability overview
========================

7.0 General
-----------

Throughout this specification, whenever the NCR repeater requirement is
referred, its applicability shall be considered as applicable to the NCR
node as a whole (i.e. NCR-Fwd and NCR-MT), irrespective of its
implementation.

7.1 Emission
------------

Table 7.1-1: Emission requirements applicability

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Phe     | Appl    | Eq      | Re      | Re      |         |         |
| nomenon | ication | uipment | ference | ference |         |         |
|         |         | test    |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | requ    | clause  | s       |         |         |
|         |         | irement | in the  | tandard |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
|         |         | NR      | NCR     | An      | present |         |
|         |         | r       | eq      | cillary | d       |         |
|         |         | epeater | uipment | eq      | ocument |         |
|         |         | eq      |         | uipment |         |         |
|         |         | uipment |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| R       | En      | app     | app     | not     | 8.2.1   | ITU-R   |
| adiated | closure | licable | licable | app     |         | SM.329  |
| e       |         | for NR  | for     | licable |         | \[19\]  |
| mission |         | *r      | *NCR    |         |         |         |
|         |         | epeater | type    |         |         |         |
|         |         | type    | 1-C*    |         |         |         |
|         |         | 1-C*    | and NCR |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | type    |         |         |         |
|         |         | (Note   | 1-H     |         |         |         |
|         |         | 1)      |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | (Note   |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | 1)      |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| R       | En      | not     | not     | app     | 8.2.2   | CISPR   |
| adiated | closure | app     | app     | licable |         | 32      |
| e       | of      | licable | licable |         |         | \[5\]   |
| mission | *an     |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | cillary |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | equ     |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | ipment* |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Co      | DC      | app     | app     | app     | 8.3     | CISPR 3 |
| nducted | power   | licable | licable | licable |         | 2 \[5\] |
| e       | input   |         |         |         |         |         |
| mission | /output |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | *port*  |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Co      | AC      | app     | app     | app     | 8.4     | CISPR 3 |
| nducted | mains   | licable | licable | licable |         | 2 \[5\] |
| e       | input   |         |         |         |         |         |
| mission | /output |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | *port*  |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Co      | *Tel    | app     | app     | app     | 8.5     | CISPR   |
| nducted | ecommun | licable | licable | licable |         | 32      |
| e       | ication |         |         |         |         | \[5\]   |
| mission | port*   |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| H       | AC      | app     | app     | app     | 8.6     | IEC 6   |
| armonic | mains   | licable | licable | licable |         | 1000-3- |
| current | input   |         |         |         |         | 2 \[8\] |
| em      | *port*  |         |         |         |         | or\     |
| issions |         |         |         |         |         | IEC     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 610     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 00-3-12 |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | \[11\]  |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | (NOTE   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 2)      |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Voltage | AC      | app     | app     | app     | 8.7     | IEC 6   |
| fluct   | mains   | licable | licable | licable |         | 1000-3- |
| uations | input   |         |         |         |         | 3 \[9\] |
| and     | *port*  |         |         |         |         | or\     |
| flicker |         |         |         |         |         | IEC     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 610     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 00-3-11 |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |  \[10\] |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | (NOTE   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 2)      |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| R       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| adiated |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| e       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| mission |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| requi   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rements |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for NR  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *r      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| epeater |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| type    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2-O and |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NCR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| type    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2-O*    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| de      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| scribed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| clause  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 8.2.1.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Se      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lection |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| re      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ference |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| IEC     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| specif  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ication |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rated   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| input   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| current |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| EUT's   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| supply. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

7.2 Immunity
------------

Table 7.2-1: Immunity requirements applicability

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Phe     | Appl    | Eq      | Re      | Re      |         |         |
| nomenon | ication | uipment | ference | ference |         |         |
|         |         | test    |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | requ    |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | irement |         |         |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
|         |         | NR      | NCR     | An      | clause  | s       |
|         |         | r       | eq      | cillary | in the  | tandard |
|         |         | epeater | uipment | eq      | present |         |
|         |         | eq      |         | uipment | d       |         |
|         |         | uipment |         |         | ocument |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| RF      | En      | app     | app     | app     | 9.2     | IEC 61  |
| el      | closure | licable | licable | licable |         | 000‑4‑3 |
| ectro­m |         |         |         |         |         |  \[13\] |
| agnetic |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| field   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| (80 --  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6000    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| MHz)    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Electr  | En      | app     | app     | app     | 9.3     | IEC 61  |
| ostatic | closure | licable | licable | licable |         | 000‑4‑2 |
| di      |         |         |         |         |         |  \[12\] |
| scharge |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Fast    | Signal, | app     | app     | app     | 9.4     | IEC 61  |
| tra     | tele    | licable | licable | licable |         | 000‑4‑4 |
| nsients | communi |         |         |         |         |  \[14\] |
| common  | cations |         |         |         |         |         |
| mode    | and     |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | control |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | *       |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | ports*, |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | DC and  |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | AC      |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | power   |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | input   |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | *port*s |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| RF      | Signal, | app     | app     | app     | 9.5     | IEC 61  |
| common  | tele    | licable | licable | licable |         | 000‑4‑6 |
| mode    | communi |         |         |         |         |  \[16\] |
|         | cations |         |         |         |         |         |
| 0.15 -  | and     |         |         |         |         |         |
| 80 MHz  | control |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | *       |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | port*s, |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | DC and  |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | AC      |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | power   |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | input   |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | *port*s |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Voltage | AC      | app     | app     | app     | 9.6     | IEC 610 |
| dips    | mains   | licable | licable | licable |         | 00‑4‑11 |
| and     | power   |         |         |         |         | \[17\]  |
| interr  | input   |         |         |         |         |         |
| uptions | *port*s |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Surges, | AC      | app     | app     | app     | 9.7     | IEC 61  |
| common  | power   | licable | licable | licable |         | 000‑4‑5 |
| and     | input   |         |         |         |         |  \[15\] |
| diffe   | *port*s |         |         |         |         |         |
| rential | and     |         |         |         |         |         |
| mode    | *tele   |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | communi |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | cations |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | port*   |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

8 Emission
==========

8.1 Test configurations
-----------------------

This clause defines the configurations for emission tests as follows:

\- The equipment shall be tested under normal test conditions as
specified in the functional standards;

\- The test configuration shall be as close to normal intended use as
possible;

\- If the equipment is part of a system, or can be connected to
ancillary equipment, then it shall be acceptable to test the equipment
while connected to the minimum configuration of *ancillary equipment*
necessary to exercise the *port*s;

\- If the equipment has a large number of *port*s, then a sufficient
number shall be selected to simulate actual operation conditions and to
ensure that all the different types of termination are tested;

\- The test conditions, test configuration and mode of operation shall
be recorded in the test report;

\- *Port*s which in normal operation are connected shall be connected to
an *ancillary equipment* or to a representative piece of cable correctly
terminated to simulate the input/output characteristics of the
*ancillary equipment*; in case of *repeater type 1-C, NCR type 1-C* and
*NCR type 1-H*, *antenna port*s shall be correctly terminated;

\- For *repeater type 2-O* and *NCR type 2-O* without *antenna ports*
but intentionally radiating through the *antenna array*, the equipment
shall be placed in a test setup suitable for the radiated power;

\- *Port*s which are not connected to cables during normal operation,
e.g. service connectors, programming connectors, temporary connectors
etc. shall not be connected to any cables for the purpose of EMC
testing. Where cables have to be connected to these *port*s, or
interconnecting cables have to be extended in length in order to
exercise the EUT, precautions shall be taken to ensure that the
evaluation of the EUT is not affected by the addition or extension of
these cables;

\- The test arrangements for uplink and downlink of the repeater and NCR
are described separately for the sake of clarity. However, where
possible the test of the uplink clause and downlink clause of the EUT
may be carried out simultaneously to reduce test time.

8.2 Radiated emission
---------------------

### 8.2.1 Radiated emission, Repeater and NCR

This test is applicable to *repeater type 1-C, NCR type 1-C* and *NCR
type 1-H*. This test shall be performed on a representative
configuration of repeater or NCR.

For *repeater type 2-O* and *NCR type 2-O*, the radiated emission is
covered by radiated spurious emission requirement in TS 38.106 \[2\],
conforming to the test requirement in TS 38.115-2 \[4\].

#### 8.2.1.1 Definition

This test assesses the ability of repeater or NCR to limit unwanted
emission from the *enclosure port*.

#### 8.2.1.2 Test method

a\) A test site fulfilling the requirements of ITU-R SM.329 \[19\] shall
be used. The repeater or NCR shall be placed on a non-conducting support
and shall be operated from a power source via a RF filter to avoid
radiation from the power leads. One of the following two alternative
measurement methods shall be used:

1\) Field strength method measurement

The test method shall be in accordance with CISPR 32 \[5\]. The field
strength measurements shall be performed on a test site that is
validated according to the methods and requirements of CISPR 16-1-4
\[25\].

Unless otherwise stated, measurements are conducted at 3 m or 10 m on an
open area test site (OATS) or semi anechoic chamber (SAC) for
frequencies up to 1 GHz, or at 3 m on a free space open area test site
(FSOATS) or fully-anechoic room (FAR) for frequencies above 1 GHz.
Unless otherwise stated, all measurements are done with RMS detector and
with the -3 dB bandwidth of the measuring filter equal to the reference
bandwidth in table 8.2.1.3-1.

NOTE 1: Test site validation methods for radiated emissions tests are
defined in CISPR 16-1-4 \[25\], clause 6 and 7. Examples of test site
validation methods are listed below:

\- 30 - 1000 MHz frequency range: Normalized Site Attenuation (NSA),
Reference Site Method (RSM).

\- 1 - 18 GHz frequency range: S~VSWR~ standard test procedure, S~VSWR~
reciprocal test procedure.

2\) Substitution method measurement (also called a substitution method)

Mean power of any spurious components shall be detected by the test
antenna and measuring receiver (e.g. a spectrum analyser). At each
frequency at which a component is detected, the repeater or NCR shall be
rotated and the height of the test antenna adjusted to obtain maximum
response, and the effective radiated power (e.r.p.) of that component
determined by a substitution measurement. The measurement shall be
repeated with the test antenna in the orthogonal polarization plane.
Unless otherwise stated, all measurements are done as mean power (RMS).

NOTE 2: Effective radiated power (e.r.p.) refers to the radiation of a
half wave tuned dipole instead of an isotropic antenna. There is a
constant difference of 2.15 dB between e.i.r.p. and e.r.p, as defined in
ITU-R SM.329 annex 1 \[19\].

e.r.p. (dBm) = EIRP (dBm) − 2.15

b\) The repeater or NCR shall transmit with maximum power declared by
the manufacturer with all transmitters active. Set the repeater or NCR
to transmit a signal as stated in clause 4.5.

c\) The received power shall be measured over the frequency range from
30 MHz to F~DL,low~ - Δf~OBUE~ and from F~DL,high~ + Δf~OBUE~ up to
12750 MHz. For some *operating bands*, the upper limit is higher than
12.75 GHz in order to comply with the 5^th^ harmonic limit of the
downlink *operating band*, as specified in ITU-R SM.329 \[19\]. The
video bandwidth shall be approximately three times the resolution
bandwidth. If this video bandwidth is not available on the measuring
receiver, it shall be the maximum available and at least 1 MHz. Unless
otherwise stated, all measurements are done as mean power (RMS).

#### 8.2.1.3 Limits

The frequency boundary and reference bandwidths for the detailed
transitions of the limits between the requirements for out of band
emissions and spurious emissions are based on ITU-R Recommendations
SM.329 \[19\] and SM.1539-1 \[26\].

The *repeater type 1-C, NCR-Fwd type 1-C* and *NCR-Fwd type 1-H* shall
meet the limits below:

Table 8.2.1.3-1: Limits for radiated emissions from repeater type 1-C,
NCR-Fwd type 1-C, NCR-Fwd type 1-H

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | e.r.p.   | Field    | Field    | R        | Notes    |
| requency |          | strength | strength | eference |          |
| range    | (dBm)    | at 3 m   | at 10 m  | b        |          |
|          |          | (dBµV/m) |          | andwidth |          |
|          |          |          | (dBµV/m) |          |          |
|          |          | (NOTE 4) |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (NOTE 4) |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 30 MHz ≤ | -36      | 65.4     | 54.9     | 100 kHz  | NOTE 7   |
| f \<     |          | (NOTE 5) | (NOTE 5) |          |          |
| 1000 MHz |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 1 GHz ≤  | -30      | 67.4     | Not      | 1 MHz    | NOTE 7   |
| f \<     |          |          | ap       |          |          |
| 12.75    |          |          | plicable |          |          |
| GHz      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 12.75    | -30      | 67.4     | Not      | 1 MHz    | NOTE 1,7 |
| GHz ≤ f  |          |          | ap       |          |          |
| \< 5^th^ |          |          | plicable |          |          |
| harmonic |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| upper    |          |          |          |          |          |
| f        |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| edge of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the DL   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| perating |          |          |          |          |          |
| band in  |          |          |          |          |          |
| GHz      |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 12.75    | -30      | 67.4     | Not      | 1 MHz    | NOTE 6,7 |
| GHz - 26 |          |          | ap       |          |          |
| GHz      |          |          | plicable |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| F        | Not      | Not      | Not      | Not      | NOTE     |
| ~DL,low~ | defined  | defined  | defined  | defined  | 2,3,7    |
| -        |          |          |          |          |          |
| Δf~OBUE~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| \< f \<  |          |          |          |          |          |
| F~       |          |          |          |          |          |
| DL,high~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| +        |          |          |          |          |          |
| Δf~OBUE~ |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| This     |          |          |          |          |          |
| f        |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| range    |          |          |          |          |          |
| applies  |          |          |          |          |          |
| only for |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| perating |          |          |          |          |          |
| bands    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| which    |          |          |          |          |          |
| the 5th  |          |          |          |          |          |
| harmonic |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| upper    |          |          |          |          |          |
| f        |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| edge of  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the DL   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| perating |          |          |          |          |          |
| band is  |          |          |          |          |          |
| reaching |          |          |          |          |          |
| beyond   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 12.75    |          |          |          |          |          |
| GHz.     |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| For      |          |          |          |          |          |
| repeater |          |          |          |          |          |
| or NCR   |          |          |          |          |          |
| capable  |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| mu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lti-band |          |          |          |          |          |
| op       |          |          |          |          |          |
| eration, |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| f        |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| ranges   |          |          |          |          |          |
| relating |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RF       |          |          |          |          |          |
| ba       |          |          |          |          |          |
| ndwidths |          |          |          |          |          |
| of all   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| upported |          |          |          |          |          |
| *o       |          |          |          |          |          |
| perating |          |          |          |          |          |
| bands*   |          |          |          |          |          |
| apply.   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Δf~OBUE~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| defined  |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| clause   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 6.5.3 of |          |          |          |          |          |
| TS       |          |          |          |          |          |
| 38.106   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| field    |          |          |          |          |          |
| strength |          |          |          |          |          |
| meas     |          |          |          |          |          |
| urements |          |          |          |          |          |
| shall be |          |          |          |          |          |
| c        |          |          |          |          |          |
| onducted |          |          |          |          |          |
| on OATS  |          |          |          |          |          |
| or SAC   |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |          |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |          |          |
| up to 1  |          |          |          |          |          |
| GHz, or  |          |          |          |          |          |
| on       |          |          |          |          |          |
| FSOATS   |          |          |          |          |          |
| or FAR   |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |          |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |          |          |
| above 1  |          |          |          |          |          |
| GHz.     |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Limits   |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| radiated |          |          |          |          |          |
| e        |          |          |          |          |          |
| missions |          |          |          |          |          |
| are      |          |          |          |          |          |
| tr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| anslated |          |          |          |          |          |
| from the |          |          |          |          |          |
| e.r.p.   |          |          |          |          |          |
| limit of |          |          |          |          |          |
| -36 dBm  |          |          |          |          |          |
| into the |          |          |          |          |          |
| field    |          |          |          |          |          |
| strength |          |          |          |          |          |
| limit of |          |          |          |          |          |
| 61.      |          |          |          |          |          |
| 4 dBµV/m |          |          |          |          |          |
| (at 3m)  |          |          |          |          |          |
| or 50.9  |          |          |          |          |          |
| dBµV/m   |          |          |          |          |          |
| (at      |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10m),    |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| i        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ncreased |          |          |          |          |          |
| by the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| site     |          |          |          |          |          |
| gain     |          |          |          |          |          |
| value of |          |          |          |          |          |
| 4 dB.    |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| value of |          |          |          |          |          |
| the site |          |          |          |          |          |
| gain is  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based on |          |          |          |          |          |
| ITU-R    |          |          |          |          |          |
| Recomme  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ndations |          |          |          |          |          |
| SM.329   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[19\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 6:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| For NCR  |          |          |          |          |          |
| when     |          |          |          |          |          |
| NCR-Fwd  |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| NCR-MT   |          |          |          |          |          |
| are      |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smitting |          |          |          |          |          |
| simulta  |          |          |          |          |          |
| neously, |          |          |          |          |          |
| the RSE  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requ     |          |          |          |          |          |
| irements |          |          |          |          |          |
| should   |          |          |          |          |          |
| apply    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for sum  |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| NCR-MT   |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| NCR-Fwd  |          |          |          |          |          |
| trans    |          |          |          |          |          |
| mission. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

For *NCR-MT type 1-C* and *NCR-MT type 1-H*, the radiated emission is
covered by radiated spurious emission requirement in clauses 6.5.4.4.2
of TS 38.106 \[2\].

#### 8.2.1.4 Interpretation of the measurement results

The interpretation of the results recorded in a test report for the
radiated emission measurements described in the present document shall
be as follows:

\- the measured value related to the corresponding limit will be used to
decide whether an equipment meets the requirements of the present
document;

\- the value of the measurement uncertainty for the measurement of each
parameter shall be included in the test report;

\- the recorded value of the measurement uncertainty shall be, for each
measurement, equal to or lower than the figures in table 8.2.1-4-1 for
repeater or NCR.

Table 8.2.1.4-1 specifies the maximum measurement uncertainty of the
test system. The test system shall enable the equipment under test to be
measured with an uncertainty not exceeding the specified values. All
tolerances and uncertainties are absolute values, and are valid for a
confidence level of 95 %, unless otherwise stated.

A confidence level of 95 % is the measurement uncertainty tolerance
interval for a specific measurement that contains 95% of the performance
of a population of test equipment.

Table 8.2.1.4-1: Maximum measurement uncertainty (Repeater or NCR)

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Parameter            | Uncertainty for EUT  | Uncertainty for EUT  |
|                      | dimension ≤ 1 m      | dimension \>1 m      |
|                      |                      |                      |
|                      | (NOTE 2)             | (NOTE 2)             |
+======================+======================+======================+
| Effective radiated   | ±6 dB                | ±6 dB                |
| RF power between 30  |                      |                      |
| MHz and 180 MHz      |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Effective radiated   | ±4 dB                | ±6 dB                |
| RF power between 180 |                      |                      |
| MHz and 4 GHz        |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Effective radiated   | ±6 dB                | ±9 dB (NOTE 1)       |
| RF power between 4   |                      |                      |
| GHz and 12,75 GHz    |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Effective radiated   | ±6 dB                | ±9 dB (NOTE 1)       |
| RF power between     |                      |                      |
| 12,75 GHz and 26 GHz |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Field strength       | ±6 dB                | ±6 dB                |
| between 30 MHz and   |                      |                      |
| 12,75 GHz            |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NOTE 1: This value   |                      |                      |
| may be reduced to ±6 |                      |                      |
| dB when further      |                      |                      |
| information on the   |                      |                      |
| potential radiation  |                      |                      |
| characteristic of    |                      |                      |
| the EUT is           |                      |                      |
| available.           |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| NOTE 2: These MU     |                      |                      |
| values estimates and |                      |                      |
| are not based on the |                      |                      |
| MU budget            |                      |                      |
| calculations. For    |                      |                      |
| more background on   |                      |                      |
| MU derivation        |                      |                      |
| analyses refer to    |                      |                      |
| CISPR 16-4-2 \[27\]  |                      |                      |
| and ETSI TR 100      |                      |                      |
| 028-1 \[28\].        |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

NOTE: If the Test System for a test is known to have a measurement
uncertainty greater than that specified in table 8.2.1.4-1, this
equipment can still be used, provided that an adjustment is made
follows:

Any additional uncertainty in the Test System over and above that
specified in table 8.2.1.4-1 is used to tighten the test requirements,
i.e. making the test harder to pass.

This procedure will ensure that a test system not compliant with table
8.2.1.4-1 does not increase the probability of passing an EUT that would
otherwise have failed a test if a test system compliant with table
8.2.1.4-1 had been used.

### 8.2.2 Radiated emission, ancillary equipment

This test is only applicable to *ancillary equipment* not incorporated
in the radio equipment and intended to be measured on a stand-alone
basis, as declared by the manufacturer. This test shall be performed on
a representative configuration of the *ancillary equipment*.

This test is not applicable for *ancillary equipment* incorporated in
the radio equipment, or for *ancillary equipment* intended to be
measured in combination with the radio equipment. In these cases, the
requirements of the relevant product standard for the effective use of
the radio spectrum shall apply.

#### 8.2.2.1 Definition

This test assesses the ability of *ancillary equipment* to limit
unwanted emission from the *enclosure port*.

#### 8.2.2.2 Test method

The test method shall be in accordance with CISPR 32 \[5\].

#### 8.2.2.3 Limits

The *ancillary equipment* shall meet the limits according to CISPR 32
\[5\] table A.4 and table A.5.

For the referred limit values, the following shall apply:

\- Where the limits value varies over a given frequency range, it
changes linearly with respect to the logarithm of the frequency.

\- Where there is a step in the relevant limit, the lower value shall be
applied at the transition frequency.

Alternatively, for *ancillary equipment* intended to be used in
telecommunication centres only, the class A limits given in CISPR 32
\[5\], annex A, table A.2 and table A.3 may be used.

8.3 Conducted emission DC power input/output port
-------------------------------------------------

This test is applicable to equipment which may have DC cables longer
than 3 m.

If the DC power cable of the radio equipment is intended to be less than
3 m in length, and intended only for direct connection to a dedicated AC
to DC power supply, then the measurement shall be performed only on the
AC power input of that power supply as specified in clause 8.4.

This test shall be performed on a representative configuration of the
radio equipment, the associated *ancillary equipment*, or representative
configuration of the combination of radio and *ancillary equipment*.

### 8.3.1 Definition

This test assesses the ability of radio equipment and *ancillary
equipment* to limit internal noise from the DC power input/output
*port*s.

### 8.3.2 Test method

The test method shall be in accordance with CISPR 32 \[5\] and the
Artificial Mains Network (AMN) shall be connected to a DC power source.

In the case of DC output *port*s, the *port*s shall be connected via an
AMN to a load drawing the rated current of the source.

A measuring receiver shall be connected to each AMN measurement *port*
in turn and the conducted emission recorded.

The equipment shall be installed with a ground plane as defined in
CISPR 32 \[5\]. The reference earth point of the AMN shall be connected
to the reference ground plane with a conductor as short as possible.

### 8.3.3 Limits

The equipment shall meet the limits according to CISPR 32 \[5\] table
A.9, which are defined for average detector receiver and for quasi-peak
detector receiver. If the average limit is met when using a quasi‑peak
detector, the equipment shall be deemed to meet both limits and
measurement with the average detector receiver is not necessary.

Where there is a step in the referred limit values, the lower value
shall be applied at the transition frequency.

8.4 Conducted emissions, AC mains power input/output port
---------------------------------------------------------

This test is applicable to equipment powered by the AC mains.

This test is not applicable to AC output *port*s which are connected
directly (or via a circuit breaker) to the AC power *port* of the EUT.

This test shall be performed on a representative configuration of the
radio equipment, the associated *ancillary equipment*, or representative
configuration of the combination of radio and *ancillary equipment*.

### 8.4.1 Definition

This test assesses the ability of radio equipment and *ancillary
equipment* to limit internal noise from the AC mains power input/output
*port*s.

### 8.4.2 Test method

The test method shall be in accordance with CISPR 32 \[5\].

### 8.4.3 Limits

The equipment shall meet the limits according to CISPR 32 \[5\] table
A.10, which are defined for the average detector receiver and for
quasi-peak detector receiver. If the average limit is met when using a
quasi‑peak detector, the equipment shall be deemed to meet both limits
and measurement with the average detector receiver is not necessary.

For the referred limit values following shall apply:

Where the limits value varies over a given frequency range, it changes
linearly with respect to the logarithm of the frequency.

Where there is a step in the relevant limit, the lower value shall be
applied at the transition frequency.

Alternatively, for equipment intended to be used in telecommunication
centres the limits given in CISPR 32 \[5\] table A.9 shall be used.

8.5 Conducted emissions, telecommunication port
-----------------------------------------------

This test is applicable for radio equipment and/or ancillary equipment
for fixed use which have telecommunication ports.

This test shall be performed on a representative configuration of radio
equipment, the associated *ancillary equipment*, or a representative
configuration of the combination of radio and *ancillary equipment*.

### 8.5.1 Definition

This test assesses the EUT unwanted emission present at the
*telecommunication ports*.

### 8.5.2 Test method

The test method shall be in accordance with CISPR 32 \[5\].

### 8.5.3 Limits

The *telecommunication po*rts shall meet the limits according to
CISPR 32 \[5\] table A.12.

For the referred limit values, following shall apply:

Where the limits value varies over a given frequency range, it changes
linearly with respect to the logarithm of the frequency.

Where there is a step in the relevant limit, the lower value shall be
applied at the transition frequency.

Alternatively, for equipment intended to be used in telecommunication
centres only, the limits given in CISPR 32 \[5\] table A.11 may be used.

8.6 Harmonic Current emissions (AC mains input port)
----------------------------------------------------

The requirements of IEC 61000‑3‑2 \[8\] for harmonic current emission
apply for equipment covered by the scope of the present document. For
equipment with an input current greater than 16 A per phase, IEC
61000-3-12 \[11\] applies.

8.7 Voltage fluctuations and flicker (AC mains input port)
----------------------------------------------------------

The requirements of IEC 61000‑3‑3 \[9\] for voltage fluctuations and
flicker apply for equipment covered by the scope of the present
document. For equipment with an input current greater than 16 A per
phase, IEC 61000-3-11 \[10\] applies.

9 Immunity
==========

9.1 Test configurations
-----------------------

This clause defines the configurations for immunity tests as follows:

\- the equipment shall be tested under normal test conditions as
specified in the functional standards;

\- during the test, the RF output power may be reduced to a power level
sufficient for establishing and maintaining the required communication
link;

\- the test configuration shall be as close to normal intended use as
possible;

\- if the equipment is part of a system, or can be connected to
*ancillary equipment*, then it shall be acceptable to test the equipment
while connected to the minimum configuration of *ancillary equipment*
necessary to exercise the *port*s;

\- if the equipment has a large number of *port*s, then a sufficient
number shall be selected to simulate actual operation conditions and to
ensure that all the different types of termination are tested;

\- the test conditions, test configuration and mode of operation shall
be recorded in the test report;

\- *port*s which in normal operation are connected shall be connected to
an *ancillary equipment* or to a representative piece of cable correctly
terminated to simulate the input/output characteristics of the
*ancillary equipment*. In case of *repeater type 1-C, NCR type 1-C and
NCR type 1-H*, *antenna ports* shall be correctly terminated;

\- *port*s which are not connected to cables during normal operation,
shall not be connected to any cables for the purpose of EMC testing.
Where cables have to be connected to these *port*s, or interconnecting
cables have to be extended in length in order to exercise the EUT,
precautions shall be taken to ensure that the evaluation of the EUT is
not affected by the addition or extension of these cables;

\- immunity tests on the entire NR repeater shall be performed by
establishing communication links at the radio interface (e.g. with the
mobile simulator) and the BS interface (e.g. with a BS simulator) and
evaluating the power accuracy; (see figures 9.1-1 and 9.1-2);

\- immunity tests on the entire NCR shall be performed by establishing
communication links at the radio interface (e.g. with the mobile
simulator) and the BS interface (e.g. with a BS simulator) and
evaluating the power accuracy for NCR-Fwd and throughput for NCR-MT;
(see figures 9.1-3 and 9.1-4);

\- immunity tests shall be performed on both the uplink and downlink
paths. The tests shall also include both the radio interface and the BS
interface. Power accuracy or throughput evaluation may be carried out at
either interface, where appropriate, and the measurements for the uplink
and downlink paths may be carried out as a single path looped at either
the radio interface or BS interface. In case of looping is used care
have to be taken that the power accuracy or throughput information
doesn\'t change due to looping;

\- for NR repeater or NCR capable of multi-band operation, communication
links shall be established in such a way that all *operating band*(s)
are activated during the test according to the applicable test
configurations in clause 4.5. Performance assessment may be done
separately for each *operating band*.

![](./media/image8.png){width="6.483333333333333in"
height="0.9583333333333334in"}

Figure 9.1-1: Communication link set up for *repeater type 1-C* immunity
measurement

![](./media/image9.png){width="6.483333333333333in"
height="0.9583333333333334in"}

Figure 9.1-2: Communication link set up for *repeater type 2-O* immunity
measurement

![](./media/image10.png){width="6.688888888888889in" height="1.5375in"}

Figure 9.1-3: Communication link set up for *NCR type 1-C/NCR type 1-H*
immunity measurement

![](./media/image11.png){width="6.69375in"
height="0.9569444444444445in"}

Figure 9.1-4: Communication link set up for *NCR type 2-O* immunity
measurement

9.2 RF electromagnetic field (80 MHz - 6000 MHz)
------------------------------------------------

The test shall be performed on a representative configuration of the
equipment, the associated *ancillary equipment*, or representative
configuration of the combination of radio and *ancillary equipment*.

### 9.2.1 Definition

This test assesses the ability of radio equipment and *ancillary
equipment* to operate as intended in the presence of a radio frequency
electromagnetic field disturbance at the enclosure.

### 9.2.2 Test method and level

The test method shall be in accordance with IEC 61000‑4‑3 \[13\], which
specified test methodology based on anechoic chamber. The use of
reverberation chamber test method according to IEC 61000-4-21 \[18\],
clause 6.1 and Annex D as alternative method is allowed.

The following requirements shall apply:

\- The test level shall be 3 V/m amplitude modulated to a depth of 80 %
by a sinusoidal audio signal of 1 kHz;

\- The stepped frequency increments shall be 1 % of the momentary
frequency;

> \- The test shall be performed over the frequency range 80 MHz - 6000
> MHz; with the exception of the exclusion band for receivers (see
> clause 4.4.2);
>
> \- Responses in stand-alone receivers or receivers which are part of
> transceivers occurring at discrete frequencies which are narrow band
> responses, shall be disregarded, see clause 4.3;

\- The frequencies selected during the test shall be recorded in the
test report.

\- For the test method in accordance with IEC 61000-4-3 \[13\], for
repeater or NCR operating in FR2-1 the *spatial exclusion zone* can be
chosen to protect the NR repeater's and NCR's receiver. For the
frequency arrange above 690 MHz (according to the test method in ETSI EN
301 489-50 \[22) the EMC RF electromagnetic field immunity requirement
applies on the non-radiating faces of the *repeater type 2-O or NCR type
2-O,* as depicted on figure 9.2.2-1.

NOTE: Depending on the BS implementation, application of the spatial
exclusion to all radiating faces of the NR repeater or NCR may not allow
proper execution of the RI testing. In such cases, to protect the
*repeater type 2-O or NCR type 2-O* receiver(s), exclusion bands shall
be considered, as in table 4.4.2-2.

![图片1](./media/image12.png){width="4.78125in"
height="3.7083333333333335in"}

Figure 9.2.2-1: EMC RF electromagnetic field immunity requirement
testing directions for NR *repeater type 2-O* or *NCR type 2-O*
(horizontal plane depicted) with the *spatial exclusion zone* applied

### 9.2.3 Performance criteria

**NR repeater or NCR:**

The performance criteria of clause 6.1 shall apply for NR repeater.

The performance criteria of clause 6.1 shall apply for NCR-Fwd and
clause 6.1.1 shall apply for NCR-MT.

**Ancillary equipment:**

The performance criteria of clause 6.3 shall apply.

9.3 Electrostatic discharge
---------------------------

The test shall be performed on a representative configuration of the
radio equipment, the associated *ancillary equipment*, or representative
configuration of the combination of radio and *ancillary equipment*.

### 9.3.1 Definition

This test assesses the ability of radio equipment and *ancillary
equipment* to operate as intended in the event of an electrostatic
discharge.

### 9.3.2 Test method and level

The test method shall be in accordance with IEC 61000‑4‑2 \[12\]:

\- for contact discharge, the equipment shall pass at ±4 kV;

\- for air discharge shall pass at ±8 kV;

\- electrostatic discharge shall be applied to all exposed surfaces of
the EUT except where the user documentation specially indicates a
requirement for appropriate protective measures.

### 9.3.3 Performance criteria

**NR repeater or NCR:**

The performance criteria of clause 6.2 shall apply for NR repeater.

The performance criteria of clauses 6.2 shall apply for NCR-Fwd and
clause 6.2.1 shall apply for NCR-MT.

**Ancillary equipment:**

The performance criteria of clause 6.4 shall apply.

9.4 Fast transients common mode
-------------------------------

The test shall be performed on AC mains power input *port*s.

This test shall be performed on *signal ports*, *telecommunication
ports*, *control ports* and DC power input/output *ports* if the cables
may be longer than 3 m.

Where this test is not carried out on a *port* or any other *port*s
because the manufacturer declares that it is not intended to be used
with cables longer than 3 m, a list of *port*s which were not tested for
this reason shall be included in the test report.

This test shall be performed on a representative configuration of the
equipment, the associated *ancillary equipment*, or representative
configuration of the combination of radio and *ancillary equipment*.

### 9.4.1 Definition

This test assesses the ability of radio equipment and *ancillary
equipment* to operate as intended in the event of fast transients
present on one of the input/output *port*s.

### 9.4.2 Test method and level

The test method shall be in accordance with IEC 61000‑4‑4 \[14\]:

\- The test level for *signal ports*, *telecommunication ports* and
*control ports* shall be 0.5 kV open circuit voltage as given in
IEC 61000‑4‑4 \[14\];

\- The test level for DC power input/output *port*s shall be 0.5 kV open
circuit voltage as given in IEC 61000‑4‑4 \[14\];

\- The test level for AC mains power input *port*s shall be 1 kV open
circuit voltage as given in IEC 61000‑4‑4 \[14\].

### 9.4.3 Performance criteria

**NR repeater or NCR:**

The performance criteria of clause 6.2 shall apply for NR repeater.

The performance criteria of clauses 6.2 shall apply for NCR-Fwd and
clause 6.2.1 shall apply for NCR-MT.

**Ancillary equipment:**

The performance criteria of clause 6.4 shall apply.

9.5 RF common mode (0.15 MHz - 80 MHz)
--------------------------------------

The test shall be performed on AC mains power input/output *port*s.

This test shall be performed on *signal ports*, telecommunication
*port*s, control and DC power input/output *port*s, which may have
cables longer than 3 m.

Where this test is not carried out on a *port* or any other *port*s
because the manufacturer declares that it is not intended to be used
with cables longer than stated above, a list of *port*s which were not
tested shall be included in the test report.

This test shall be performed on a representative configuration of the
equipment, the associated *ancillary equipment*, or representative
configuration of the combination of radio and *ancillary equipment*.

### 9.5.1 Definition

This test assesses the ability of radio equipment and *ancillary
equipment* to operate as intended in the presence of a radio frequency
electromagnetic disturbance.

### 9.5.2 Test method and level

The test method shall be in accordance with IEC 61000‑4‑6 \[16\]:

\- The test signal shall be amplitude modulated to a depth of 80 % by a
sinusoidal audio signal of 1 kHz;

\- The stepped frequency increments shall be 50 kHz in the frequency
range 150 kHz to 5 MHz and 1% frequency increment of the momentary
frequency in the frequency range 5 MHz to 80 MHz;

\- The test level shall be severity level 2 as given in
IEC 61000‑4‑6 \[16\] corresponding to 3 V rms, at a transfer impedance
of 150 Ω;

\- The test shall be performed over the frequency range 150 kHz -
80 MHz;

\- The injection method to be used shall be selected according to the
basic standard IEC 61000-4-6 \[16\];

\- Responses of stand-alone receivers or receivers which are part of
transceivers occurring at discrete frequencies which are narrow band
responses, shall be disregarded, see clause 4.3;

\- The frequencies of the immunity test signal selected and used during
the test shall be recorded in the test report.

### 9.5.3 Performance criteria

**NR repeater or NCR:**

The performance criteria of clause 6.1 shall apply for NR repeater.

The performance criteria of clauses 6.1 shall apply for NCR-Fwd and
clause 6.1.1 shall apply for NCR-MT.

**Ancillary equipment:**

The performance criteria of clause 6.3 shall apply.

9.6 Voltage dips and interruptions
----------------------------------

The tests shall be performed on AC mains power input *port*s.

These tests shall be performed on a representative configuration of the
equipment, the associated *ancillary equipment*, or representative
configuration of the combination of radio and *ancillary equipment*.

### 9.6.1 Definition

These tests assess the ability of radio equipment and *ancillary
equipment* to operate as intended in the event of voltage dips and
interruptions present on the AC mains power input *port*s.

### 9.6.2 Test method and level

The following requirements shall apply.

The test method shall be in accordance with IEC 61000‑4‑11 \[17\].

The test levels shall be:

\- Voltage dip: 0 % residual voltage for 0.5 cycle;

\- Voltage dip: 0 % residual voltage for 1 cycle;

\- Voltage dip: 70 % residual voltage for 25/30 cycles (at 50/60 Hz);

\- Voltage interruption: 0 % residual voltage for 250/300 cycles (at
50/60 Hz).

### 9.6.3 Performance criteria

For a 0 % residual voltage dip test, the performance criteria for
transient phenomena shall be applied:

\- Criteria 6.2 for NR repeater

\- Criteria 6.2 for NCR-Fwd

\- Criteria 6.2.1 for NCR-MT

\- Criteria 6.4 for *ancillary equipment*

For a 70% residual voltage dip test and for voltage interruption test,
the following applies:

1\. In the case where the equipment is fitted with or connected to a
battery back-up, the following performance criteria shall be applied:

\- Criteria 6.2 for NR repeater

\- Criteria 6.2 for NCR-Fwd

\- Criteria 6.2.1 for NCR-MT

\- Criteria 6.4 for *ancillary equipment*

> 2\. In the case where the equipment is powered solely from the AC
> mains supply (without the use of a parallel battery back-up) volatile
> user data may have been lost and if applicable the communication link
> need not to be maintained and lost functions should be recoverable by
> user or operator:

\- No unintentional responses shall occur at the end of the test

\- In the event of loss of communications link or in the event of loss
of user data, this fact shall be recorded in the test report.

9.7 Surges, common and differential mode
----------------------------------------

The tests shall be performed on AC mains power input *port*s.

This test shall be additionally performed on *telecommunication port*s.

These tests shall be performed on a representative configuration of the
repeater, the associated *ancillary equipment*, or representative
configuration of the combination of radio and *ancillary equipment*.

### 9.7.1 Definition

These tests assess the ability of radio equipment and *ancillary
equipment* to operate as intended in the event of surges being present
at the AC mains power input *port*s and *telecommunication ports*.

### 9.7.2 Test method and level

The test method shall be in accordance with IEC 61000-4-5 \[15\].

The requirements and evaluation of test results given in clause 9.7.2.1
(t*elecommunication port*s, outdoor cables), clause 9.7.2.2
(*telecommunication ports*, indoor cables) and clause 9.7.2.3 (AC power
ports) shall apply, but no test shall be required where normal
functioning cannot be achieved, because of the impact of the CDN on the
EUT.

#### 9.7.2.1 Test method for telecommunication ports directly connected to outdoor cables

The test level for t*elecommunications port*s, intended to be directly
connected to the telecommunications network via outdoor cables, shall be
1 kV line to ground as given in IEC 61000-4-5 \[15\]. In this case the
total output impedance of the surge generator shall be in accordance
with the basic standard IEC 61000-4-5 \[15\].

The test generator shall provide the 1.2/50 μs pulse as defined in IEC
61000-4-5 \[15\].

#### 9.7.2.2 Test method for telecommunication ports connected to indoor cables

The test level for telecommunication *port*s, intended to be connected
to indoor cables (longer than 10 m) shall be 0.5 kV line to ground. In
this case the total output impedance of the surge generator shall be in
accordance with the basic standard IEC 61000-4-5 \[15\].

The test generator shall provide the 1.2/50 μs pulse as defined in IEC
61000-4-5 \[15\].

#### 9.7.2.3 Test method for AC power ports

The test level for AC power input *port*s shall be 2 kV line to ground,
and 1 kV line to line, with the output impedance of the surge generator
as given in IEC 61000-4-5 \[15\].

In telecommunication centres 1 kV line to ground and 0.5 kV line to line
shall be used.

The test generator shall provide the 1.2/50 μs pulse as defined in IEC
61000-4-5 \[15\].

### 9.7.3 Performance criteria

**NR repeater or NCR:**

The performance criteria of clause 6.2 shall apply for NR repeater.

The performance criteria of clauses 6.2 shall apply for NCR-Fwd and
clause 6.2.1 shall apply for NCR-MT.

**Ancillary equipment:**

The performance criteria of clause 6.4 shall apply.

 Annex A (informative): Change history
=====================================

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| **C   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hange |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| hist  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ory** |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| **D   | *     | **T   | *     | **    | **    | **Su  | **New |
| ate** | *Meet | Doc** | *CR** | Rev** | Cat** | bject | vers  |
|       | ing** |       |       |       |       | /Comm | ion** |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ent** |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 20    | RAN4\ | R4-21 |       |       |       | TS    | 0.0.1 |
| 21-05 | #99-e | 09916 |       |       |       | ske   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | leton |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 20    | R     | R4-21 |       |       |       | Upd   | 0.1.0 |
| 21-11 | AN4\# | 18228 |       |       |       | ating |       |
|       | 101-e |       |       |       |       | TS3   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 8.114 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ca    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | pture |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | RAN4  |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | \#101 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ag    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | reeme |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | nts： |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 4-211 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 8064, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | TP to |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | TS38  |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | .114: |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Emis  |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | sion, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ZTE   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | orpor |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 4-212 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 0637, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | TPs   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | to TS |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 3     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 8.114 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | on RF |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Rep   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | eater |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | EMC   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 1     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (S    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | cope) |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | se    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ction |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 9     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | (     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Immun |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ity), |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Eri   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | csson |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | LM    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 4-212 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 0638, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | TP to |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | TS    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 3     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 8.114 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | sec   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | tions |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 4.3,  |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 5.3,  |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.3,  |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 6.4,  |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | H     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | uawei |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 4-212 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 0639, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | TP to |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | TS    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 3     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 8.114 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | --    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | app   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | licab |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ility |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | over  |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | view, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | N     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | okia, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Nokia |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Sha   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | nghai |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Bell  |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 20    | RAN4\ | R4-22 |       |       |       | Upd   | 0.2.0 |
| 22-01 | #101- | 00730 |       |       |       | ating |       |
|       | bis-e |       |       |       |       | TS3   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 8.114 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ca    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | pture |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | RAN   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 4\#10 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 1-bis |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ag    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | reeme |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | nts： |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 4-220 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 2986, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | TP to |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | TS    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 38    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | .114: |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | efere |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | nces, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ZTE   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | orpor |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 20    | R     | R4-22 |       |       |       | Upd   | 0.3.0 |
| 22-03 | AN4\# | 04494 |       |       |       | ating |       |
|       | 102-e |       |       |       |       | TS3   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 8.114 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ca    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | pture |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | RAN4  |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | \#102 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ag    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | reeme |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | nts： |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | R     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 4-220 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 4358, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | TP to |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | T     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | S38.1 |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | 14:De |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | finit |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ions, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | sy    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | mbols |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | and   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | abbr  |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | eviat |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ions, |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ZTE   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | orpor |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | ation |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| 20    | RAN\  | RP-2  |       |       |       | Draft | 1.0.0 |
| 22-03 | #95-e | 20549 |       |       |       | ve    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | rsion |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | for   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | app   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | roval |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | to    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | the   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | RAN   |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | Pl    |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | enary |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

  **Change history**                                                                                                                                    
  -------------------- ------------- ----------- -------- --------- --------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  **Date**             **Meeting**   **TDoc**    **CR**   **Rev**   **Cat**   **Subject/Comment**                                                       **New version**
  2022-03              RAN\#95                                                Approved by plenary -- Rel-17 spec under change control                   17.0.0
  2022-03              RAN\#95                                                Approved by plenary -- Rel-17 spec under change control and editorial     17.0.1
  2022-09              RAN\#97       RP-222044   0002               B         Big CR for TS 38.114 (Rel-17, CAT B)                                      17.1.0
  2022-12              RAN\#98-e     RP-223305   0003               F         CR to TS38.114 repeater clause 8.1 R17                                    17.2.0
  2022-12              RAN\#98-e     RP-223305   0004     1         F         CR to TS 38.114 repeater performance criteria R17                         17.2.0
  2022-12              RAN\#98-e     RP-223305   0005     1         B         CR to TS 38.114 Clause 4.5                                                17.2.0
  2023-09              RAN\#101      RP-232502   0006     1         F         \[NR\_newRAT-Core\] CR on TS 38.114 NR repeater general maintenance R17   17.3.0
  2023-12              RAN\#102      RP-233350   0008               F         CR to TS 38.114 with update to manufacturer declaration and references    17.4.0
  2023-12              RAN\#102      RP-233334   0009               F         CR to TS 38.114 on correction of FR range to FR2-1                        17.4.0

  **Change history**                                                                                                                                     
  -------------------- ------------- ----------- -------- --------- --------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  **Date**             **Meeting**   **TDoc**    **CR**   **Rev**   **Cat**   **Subject/Comment**                                                        **New version**
  2023-12              RAN\#102                                               Approved by plenary -- Rel-18 spec under change control                    18.0.0
  2024-03              RAN\#103      RP-240567   0010               A         (NR\_newRAT-Perf)CR on TS 38.114 clause 4.4 Exclusion band R18             18.1.0
  2024-06              RAN\#104      RP-241402   0014               A         (NR\_repeaters-Perf)CR to TS38.114 repeater EMC performance criteria R18   18.2.0
  2024-06              RAN\#104      RP-241422   0015               B         Big CR for TS 38.114                                                       18.2.0
  2024-09              RAN\#105      RP-242172   0016     1         F         CR to TS 38.114 with updates and corrections                               18.3.0
  2024-12              RAN\#106      RP-243053   0018     1         F         CR for TS 38.114, Correction on terminology of NCR and RF repeater         18.4.0
