Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

In the present document, modal verbs have the following meanings:

**shall** indicates a mandatory requirement to do something

**shall not** indicates an interdiction (prohibition) to do something

The constructions \"shall\" and \"shall not\" are confined to the
context of normative provisions, and do not appear in Technical Reports.

The constructions \"must\" and \"must not\" are not used as substitutes
for \"shall\" and \"shall not\". Their use is avoided insofar as
possible, and they are not used in a normative context except in a
direct citation from an external, referenced, non-3GPP document, or so
as to maintain continuity of style when extending or modifying the
provisions of such a referenced document.

**should** indicates a recommendation to do something

**should not** indicates a recommendation not to do something

**may** indicates permission to do something

**need not** indicates permission not to do something

The construction \"may not\" is ambiguous and is not used in normative
elements. The unambiguous constructions \"might not\" or \"shall not\"
are used instead, depending upon the meaning intended.

**can** indicates that something is possible

**cannot** indicates that something is impossible

The constructions \"can\" and \"cannot\" are not substitutes for \"may\"
and \"need not\".

**will** indicates that something is certain or expected to happen as a
result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

**will not** indicates that something is certain or expected not to
happen as a result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which
is outside the scope of the present document

**might** indicates a likelihood that something will happen as a result
of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside the
scope of the present document

**might not** indicates a likelihood that something will not happen as a
result of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

In addition:

**is** (or any other verb in the indicative mood) indicates a statement
of fact

**is not** (or any other negative verb in the indicative mood) indicates
a statement of fact

The constructions \"is\" and \"is not\" do not indicate requirements.

1 Scope
=======

The present document specifies requirements for support of Radio
Resource Management for the FDD and TDD modes of New Radio (NR). These
requirements include requirements on measurements in NR and the UE as
well as requirements on node dynamical behaviour and interaction, in
terms of delay and response characteristics.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TS 38.304: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) procedures in idle
mode\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.331: \"NR; Radio Resource Control (RRC); Protocol
specification\".

\[3\] 3GPP TS 38.213: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for control\".

\[4\] 3GPP TS 38.215: \"NR; Physical layer measurements\".

\[5\] 3GPP TS 38.533: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio Resource Management (RRM)\".

\[6\] 3GPP TS 38.211: \"NR; Physical channels and modulation".

\[7\] 3GPP TS 38.321: \"NR; Medium Access Control (MAC) protocol
specification\".

\[8\] 3GPP TS 38.212 \"NR; Multiplexing and channel coding\".

\[9\] 3GPP TS 38.202: \"NR; Physical layer services provided by the
physical layer\".

\[10\] 3GPP TS 38.300: \"NR; Overall description; Stage-2\".

\[11\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[12\] 3GPP TS 38.423: \"**NG-RAN; Xn Application Protocol (XnAP)**\".

\[13\] 3GPP TS 38.104: \"NR; Base Station (BS) radio transmission and
reception\".

\[14\] 3GPP TS 38.306: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio access
capabilities\".

\[15\] 3GPP TS 36.133: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); Requirements for support of radio resource management\".

\[16\] 3GPP TS 36.331: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); Radio Resource Control (RRC) protocol specification\".

\[17\] 3GPP TS 37.340: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and NR; Multi-connectivity\", Stage 2.

\[18\] 3GPP TS 38.101-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission
and reception; Part 1: Range 1 Standalone\".

\[19\] 3GPP TS 38.101-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission
and reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone\".

\[20\] 3GPP TS 38.101-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission
and reception; Part 3: Range 1 and Range 2 Interworking operation with
other radios\".

\[21\] 3GPP TS 38.101-4: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission
and reception; Part 4: Performance requirements\".

\[22\] 3GPP TS 38.305: \"NG Radio Access Network (NG-RAN); Stage 2
functional specification of User Equipment (UE) positioning in NG-RAN\".

\[23\] 3GPP TS 36.211: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); Physical Channels and Modulation\".

\[24\] 3GPP TS 36.300: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); Overall description\".

\[25\] 3GPP TS 36.101: \"Technical Specification Group Radio Access
Network; Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (E-UTRA); User
Equipment (UE) radio transmission and reception\".

\[26\] 3GPP TS 38.214: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for data\".

\[27\] 3GPP TS 36.355: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); LTE Positioning Protocol (LPP)\".

\[28\] Void.

\[29\] 3GPP TS 25.133: \"Requirements for Support of Radio Resource
Management (FDD)\".

\[30\] 3GPP TS 25.302: \"Services provided by the Physical Layer\".

\[31\] 3GPP TS 37.320: \"Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (UTRA),
Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (E-UTRA) and Next Generation
Radio Access; Radio measurement collection for Minimization of Drive
Tests (MDT); Overall description; Stage 2\".

\[32\] 3GPP TS 25.214: \"Physical layer procedures (FDD)\".

\[33\] 3GPP TS 37.213: \"Physical layer procedures for shared spectrum
channel access\"

\[34\] 3GPP TS 37.355: \"LTE Positioning Protocol (LPP) \".

\[35\] 3GPP TS 38.455 : \"NG-RAN; NR Positioning Protocol A (NRPPa) \".

\[36\] 3GPP TS 37.106: \"User Equipment (UE) requirements for shared
spectrum channel access\".

\[37\] 3GPP TS 38.355: \"NR; Sidelink Positioning Protocol (SLPP) \".

\[38\] 3GPP TS 38.508-1: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 1: Common test environment\".

\[39\] 3GPP TS 36.213: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA): Physical layer procedures\"

\[40\] 3GPP TS 38.521-2: \" NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 2: Range 2
Standalone\".

\[41\] 3GPP TS 38.108: "NR; Satellite Access Node radio transmission and
reception".

\[42\] 3GPP TS 24.008: \"Mobile radio interface Layer 3 specification;
Core network protocols; Stage 3\".

\[43\] 3GPP TS 38.101-5: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission
and reception; Part 5: Satellite access Radio Frequency (RF) and
performance requirements\".

\[44\] 3GPP TS 23.273: \"5G System (5GS) Location Services (LCS); Stage
2\".

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in TR 21.905 \[11\] and the following apply. A term defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same term,
if any, in TR 21.905 \[11\].

**1 Rx RedCap**: RedCap UE for which requirements are derived assuming 1
Rx branch.

**2 Rx RedCap**: RedCap UE for which requirements are derived assuming 2
Rx branches.

**Active DL BWP**: Active DL bandwidth part as defined in TS 38.213
\[3\].

**Blackbox Approach:** Testing methodology, in which the UE internal
implementation of certain specific UE functionality involved in the
test, is unknown.

**CD-SSB:** Cell defining SSB as defined in TS 38.300 \[10\].

**Control Resource Set:** As defined in TS 38.213 \[3\].

**DL BWP**: DL bandwidth part as defined in TS 38.213 \[3\].

**EN-DC**: E-UTRA-NR Dual Connectivity as defined in clause 4.1.2 of TS
37.340 \[17\].

**en-gNB**: As defined in TS 37.340 \[17\].

**FH:** As defined in TS 38.214 \[26\].

**FR1:** Frequency range 1 as defined in clause 5.1 of TS 38.104 \[13\].

**FR2:** Frequency range 2 as defined in clause 5.1 of TS 38.104 \[13\].

**gNB:** as defined in TS 38.300 \[10\].

**IBM (Independent Beam Management):** As defined in TS 38.101-2 \[19\].

**IDC solution:** As described in TS 36.300 \[24\] and TS 38.300 \[10\].

**LMF: as defined in TS 38.305 \[22\].**

**Master Cell Group:** As defined in TS 38.331 \[2\].

**Multi-Radio Dual Connectivity:** Dual Connectivity between E-UTRA and
NR nodes, or between two NR nodes, as defined in TS 37.340 \[17\].

**NCD-SSB:** Non cell defining SSB as defined in TS 38.300 \[10\].

**ng-eNB: As defined in TS 38.300 \[10\].**

**NE-DC**: NR-E-UTRA Dual Connectivity as defined in clause 4.1.3.2 of
TS 37.340 \[17\].

**NGEN-DC**: NG-RAN E-UTRA-NR Dual Connectivity as defined in clause
4.1.3.1 of TS 37.340 \[17\].

**NR-DC**: NR-NR Dual Connectivity as defined in clause 4.1.3.3 of TS
37.340 \[17\].

**Primary Cell**: As defined in TS 38.331 \[2\].

**PRS resource instance:** An instance in time of a configured PRS
resource as defined in TS 38.331 \[2\], which may or not overlap with a
measurement gap occasion.

**Quasi Co-Location:** As defined in TS 38.214 \[26\].

**RedCap UE: A UE with reduced capabilities as defined in clause 4.2 in
TS 38.306 \[14\].**

**RLM-RS resource:** A resource out of the set of resources configured
for RLM by higher layer parameter RLM-RS-List \[2\] as defined in TS
38.213 \[3\].

**SA operation mode**: Operation mode when the UE is configured with at
least PCell and not any MR-DC.

**Secondary Cell**: As defined in TS 38.331 \[2\].

**Secondary Cell Group:** As defined in TS 38.331 \[2\].

**Serving Cell**: As defined in TS 38.331 \[2\].

**SMTC**: An SSB-based measurement timing configuration configured by
*SSB-MeasurementTimingConfiguration* as specified in TS 38.331 \[2\].

**Special Cell:** As defined in TS 38.331 \[2\].

**SSB:** SS/PBCH block as defined in clause 7.8.3 of TS 38.211 \[6\].

**Timing Advance Group**: As defined in TS 38.331 \[2\].

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

BW~Channel~ Channel bandwidth, defined in TS 38.101-1, 38.101-2 and
38.101-3 subclause 3.2

Ês Received energy per RE (power normalized to the subcarrier spacing)
during the useful part of the symbol, i.e. excluding the cyclic prefix,
at the UE antenna connector or radiated interface boundary

F~C~ *RF reference frequency* on the channel raster, given in table
5.4.2.2-1 in TS 38.101-1 and 38.101-2

F~C,low~ The Fc of the lowest carrier, expressed in MHz

Io The total received power density, including signal and interference,
as measured at the UE antenna connector or radiated interface boundary.

Ioc The power spectral density (integrated in a noise bandwidth equal to
the chip rate and normalized to the chip rate) of a band limited noise
source (simulating interference from cells, which are not defined in a
test procedure) as measured at the UE antenna connector or radiated
interface boundary.

Iot The received power spectral density of the total noise and
interference for a certain RE (power integrated over the RE and
normalized to the subcarrier spacing) as measured at the UE antenna
connector or radiated interface boundary

![](./media/image1.wmf){width="0.3020833333333333in"
height="0.19791666666666666in"} The power spectral density of a white
noise source (average power per RE normalised to the subcarrier
spacing), simulating interference from cells that are not defined in a
test procedure, as measured at the UE antenna connector or radiated
interface boundary

![](./media/image2.wmf){width="0.3958333333333333in"
height="0.3020833333333333in"} Physical Resource Block number as defined
in clause 3.2 in TS 38.211.

![](./media/image3.wmf){width="0.3020833333333333in"
height="0.19791666666666666in"} Timing offset between uplink and
downlink radio frames at the UE, as defined in clause 4.2 in TS 38.213.

![](./media/image4.wmf){width="0.6083333333333333in" height="0.2in"}
Fixed timing advance offset, as defined in clause 7.1.2 in TS 38.133.

![](./media/image5.wmf){width="0.6041666666666666in"
height="0.3020833333333333in"} Configured UE transmitted power as
defined in clause 6.2.4 in TS 38.101-1, 38-101-2 and 38.101-3.

P~CMAX,c~ Configured UE transmitted power on a serving cell *c* as
defined in clause 6.2.4 in TS 38.101-1, 38-101-2 and 38.101-3

S Cell Selection Criterion defined in TS 38.304, subclause 5.2.3.2 for
NR

SSB\_RP Received (linear) average power of the resource elements that
carry NR synchronisation burst, measured at the UE antenna connector or
radiated interface boundary

Srxlev Cell selection RX level, defined in TS 38.304, subclause 5.2.3.2

Squal Cell selection quality, defined in TS 38.304, subclause 5.2.3.2

Sintrasearch Defined in TS 38.304 , subclause 5.2.4.7 for E-UTRAN and
38.304 subclause 5.2.4.7 for NR

Snonintrasearch Defined in TS 38.304 , subclause 5.2.4.7

Thresh~x,\ high~ Defined in TS 38.304 , subclause 5.2.4.7

Thresh~x,\ low~ Defined in TS 38.304 , subclause 5.2.4.7

Thresh~serving,\ low~ Defined in TS 38.304 , subclause 5.2.4.7

T~RE-ESTABLISH-REQ~ The RRC Re-establishment delay requirement, the time
between the moment when erroneous CRCs are applied, to when the UE
starts to send preambles on the PRACH.

T~c~ Basic time unit, defined in clause 4.1 of TS 38.211 \[6\].

T~s~ Reference time unit, defined in clause 4.1 of TS 38.211 \[6\].

T~reselection~ Defined in TS 25.304, subclause 5.2.6.1.5

T~reselectionRAT~ Defined in TS 36.304 , subclause 5.2.4.7

T~reselectionEUTRA~ Defined in TS 36.304 , subclause 5.2.4.7

T~reselectionUTRA~ Defined in TS 36.304 , subclause 5.2.4.7

T~reselectionGERA~ Defined in TS 36.304 , subclause 5.2.4

Thresh~x,\ high~ Defined in TS 38.304 , subclause 5.2.4.7

Thresh~x,\ low~ Defined in TS 38.304 , subclause 5.2.4.7

Thresh~serving,\ low~ Defined in TS 38.304 , subclause 5.2.4.7

T~UE\_re-establish\_delay~ Time between the moments when any of the
conditions requiring RRC re-establishment as defined in clause 5.3.7 in
TS 38.331 \[2\] is detected by the UE and when the UE sends PRACH to the
target PCell.

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
TR 21.905 \[11\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in TR 21.905 \[11\].

AoA Angle of Arrival

AoD Angle of Departure

ATG Air to Ground

AWGN Additive White Gaussian Noise

BFD Beam Failure Detection

BFD-RS BFD Reference Signal

BLER Block Error Rate

BM-RS Beam Management Reference Signal

BW Bandwidth

BWP Bandwidth Part

> CA Carrier Aggregation
>
> CBD Candidate Beam Detection
>
> CBW Channel Bandwidth
>
> CC Component Carrier
>
> CCA Clear Channel Assessment

CCE Control Channel Element

CG-SDT Configured Grant Small Data Transmission

> CHO Conditional Handover
>
> CLI Cross Link Interference
>
> CMR Channel Measurement Resource
>
> CN Core Network

CORESET Control Resource Set

> CP Cyclic Prefix
>
> CPC Conditional PSCell Change

CSI Channel-State Information

CSI-RS CSI Reference Signal

CSI-RSRP CSI Reference Signal based Reference Signal Received Power

CSI-RSRQ CSI Reference Signal based Reference Signal Received Quality

CSI-SINR CSI Reference Signal based Signal to Noise and Interference
Ratio

CSI\_RP Received (linear) average power of the resource elements that
carry NR CSI-RS signals and channels, measured at the UE antenna
connector

DAPS Dual Active Protocol Stack

DBT Discovery Burst Transmission

DC Dual Connectivity

DCI Downlink Control Information

DL Downlink

DL-AoD Downlink Angle-of-Departure

DL-TDOA Downlink Time Difference Of Arrival

DMRS Demodulation Reference Signal

DPC Delta Power Class

DRX Discontinuous Reception

E-CID Enhanced Cell ID

eDRX Extended DRX

E-UTRA Evolved UTRA

E-UTRAN Evolved UTRAN

EMR Early measurement reporting

EMW Effective measurement window

EMWRP Effective measurement window repetition period

EN-DC E-UTRA-NR Dual Connectivity

FDD Frequency Division Duplex

FH Frequency Hopping

FR Frequency Range

GEO Geostationary Earth Orbit

GNSS Global Navigation Satellite System

GSO Geosynchronous Orbit

HARQ Hybrid Automatic Repeat Request

HO Handover

HST High Speed Train

GAP Refers to any of Measurement Gap, activated Pre-MG and NCSG

IMR Interference Measurement Resource

kHz Kilo Hertz

L1-RSRP Layer 1 RSRP

L1 SL-RSRP Layer 1 Sidelink RSRP which corresponds to PSCCH-RSRP and/or
PSSCH-RSRP

LEO Low Earth Orbit

LMF Location Management Function

LPP LTE Positioning Protocol

LTM L1/L2 triggered mobility

MAC Medium Access Control

MCG Master Cell Group

MDT Minimization of Drive Tests

MG Measurement Gap

MGL Measurement Gap Length

MGRP Measurement Gap Repetition Period

MHz Mega Hertz

MIB Master Information Block

ML Measurement Length

MN Master Node

MR-DC Multi-Radio Dual Connectivity

MUSIM Multi-Universal Subscriber Identity Module

NCSG Network Controlled Small Gap

NE-DC NR-E-UTRA Dual Connectivity

NGEN-DC NG-RAN E-UTRA-NR Dual Connectivity

NGSO Non-Geosynchronous Orbit

NR New Radio

NR-DC NR-NR Dual Connectivity

NTN Non-Terrestrial Network

OCNG OFDMA Channel Noise Generator

OFDM Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing

OFDMA Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access

OTDOA Observed Time Difference Of Arrival

PBCH Physical Broadcast Channel

PCC Primary Component Carrier

PCell Primary Cell

PCI Physical Cell Identity

PDCCH Physical Downlink Control Channel

PDSCH Physical Downlink Shared Channel

PLMN Public Land Mobile Network

PRACH Physical RACH

Pre-MG Pre-configured Measurement Gap

ProSe Proximity-based Service

PRB Physical Resource Block

PRP PRS Received Power

PRS Positioning Reference Signal

PRS-RSRP Positioning Reference Signal based Reference Signal Received
Power

PPW PRS Processing Window

PPWL PRS Processing Window Length

PPWRP PRS Processing Window Repetition Period

PSBCH Physical Sidelink Broadcast Channel

PSBCH-RSRP Physical Sidelink Broadcast Channel DMRS based Reference
Signal Received Power

PSCCH Physical Sidelink Control Channel

PSCCH-RSRP Physical Sidelink Control Channel DMRS based Reference Signal
Received Power

PSCell Primary SCell

PSS Primary Synchronization Signal

PSSCH Physical Sidelink Shared Channel

PSSCH-RSRP Physical Sidelink Shared Channel DMRS based Reference Signal
Received Power

pTAG Primary Timing Advance Group

PTW Paging Time Window

PUCCH Physical Uplink Control Channel

PUSCH Physical Uplink Shared Channel

QCL Quasi Co-Location

RACH Random Access Channel

RAN Radio Access Network

RAT Radio Access Technology

RF Radio Frequency

RLM Radio Link Monitoring

RLM-RS Reference Signal for RLM

RMC Reference Measurement Channel

RMSI Remaining Minimum System Information

RRC Radio Resource Control

RRH Remote Radio Head

RRM Radio Resource Management

RRT RF Retuning Time

RS Reference Signal

RSCP Reference Signal Carrier Phase

RSCPD Reference Signal Carrier Phase Difference

RSSI Received Signal Strength Indicator

RSRP Reference Signal Received Power

RSRPP Reference Signal Received Path Power

RSRQ Reference Signal Received Quality

RSTD Reference Signal Time Difference

RTD Receive Timing Difference

RTOA Relative Time Of Arrival

RTT Round Trip Time

S-SSB Sidelink Synchronization Signal Block

SSB Synchronization Signal Block

SSB\_RP Received (linear) average power of the resource elements that
carry NR SSB signals and channels, measured at the UE antenna connector
or radiated interface boundary.

SA Standalone operation mode

SAB Satellite access band

SAN Satellite Access Node

SCC Secondary Component Carrier

SCCH Sidelink Control Channel

SCell Secondary Cell

SCG Secondary Cell Group

SCH Synchronization Channel

SCS Subcarrier Spacing

SCS~SSB~ SSB subcarrier spacing

SDL Supplementary Downlink

SDT Small Data Transmission

SFN System Frame Number

SFTD SFN and Frame Timing Difference

SI System Information

SIB System Information Block

> SL Sidelink
>
> SL AoA Sidelink AoA
>
> SL PRS-RSRP Sidelink PRS-based RSRP
>
> SL PRS-RSRPP Sidelink PRS-based RSRPP
>
> SL RSTD Sidelink RSTD
>
> SL RTOA Sidelink RTOA
>
> SL Rx-Tx Sidelink Receive-Transmit time difference
>
> SL-PRP SL-PRS Received Power

SL-PRS Sidelink PRS

SL-RSSI Sidelink Received Signal Strength Indicator

SLPP Sidelink Positioning Protocol

SLSS Sidelink Synchronization Signal

SMTC SSB-based Measurement Timing configuration

SpCell Special Cell

SRS Sounding Reference Signal

SRS-RSRP Sounding Reference Signal based Reference Signal Received Power

SS-RSRP Synchronization Signal based Reference Signal Received Power

SS-RSRQ Synchronization Signal based Reference Signal Received Quality

SS-SINR Synchronization Signal based Signal to Noise and Interference
Ratio

SSB Synchronization Signal Block

SSB\_RP Received (linear) average power of the resource elements that
carry NR SSB signals and channels, measured at the UE antenna connector.

SSS Secondary Synchronization Signal

sTAG Secondary Timing Advance Group

SUL Supplementary Uplink

TA Timing Advance

TAG Timing Advance Group

TCI Transmission Configuration Indicator

TDCP Time Domain Channel Properties

TDD Time Division Duplex

TDOA Time Difference Of Arrival

TE Test Equipment

TN Terrestrial Network

TRP Transmission-Reception Point

TRS Tracking Reference Signal

TTI Transmission Time Interval

> U2N UE-to-Network

U2U UE-to-UE

UE User Equipment

UL Uplink

V2X Vehicle-to-Everything service

VIL Visible Interruption Length

VIRP Visible Interruption Repetition Period

VSAT Very Small Aperture Terminal

3.4 Test tolerances
-------------------

The requirements given in the present document make no allowance for
measurement uncertainty. The test specification TS 38.533 \[5\] defines
the test tolerances.

3.5 Frequency bands grouping
----------------------------

### 3.5.1 Introduction

The intention with the frequency band grouping below is to increase the
readability of the specification.

The frequency bands grouping is derived based on UE REFSENS requirements
specified in \[18\], \[19\], \[20\] and assuming 0.5 dB step between the
neighbour groups. The groups are defined in the order of increasing
REFSENS, i.e. the group A has the smallest REFSENS among the groups. For
the same SCS and a given bandwidth, the bands within the same group have
the same Io conditions in a corresponding requirement in this
specification, provided the bands support this SCS. For different SCSs
supported by a frequency band and the same bandwidth, different Io
conditions may apply for the frequency band in the requirements, while
the band group is the same, based on the lowest REFSENS requirement
normalized by the number of subcarriers among its supported SCSs for
this bandwidth. For the same SCS but different supported bandwidths, the
group for a band is determined based on the lowest REFSENS requirement
normalized by the number of subcarriers among its supported bandwidths.

### 3.5.2 NR operating bands in FR1

NR frequency bands grouping for FR1 is specified in table 3.5.2-1.

Table 3.5.2-1: NR frequency band groups for FR1

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Group | NR    | NR    | NR    | NR    |       |       |       |       |
|       | FDD   | TDD   | SDL   | CC    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | A^10^ |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|       | Band  | Oper  | Band  | Oper  | Band  | Oper  | Band  | Oper  |
|       | group | ating | group | ating | group | ating | group | ating |
|       | not   | bands | not   | bands | not   | bands | not   | bands |
|       | ation |       | ation |       | ation |       | ation |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| A     | NR\_F | n1,   | NR\_T | n34,  | NR\_S | n67,  | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F | n18,  | DD\_F | n3    | DL\_F | n75,  | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_A | n24,  | R1\_A | 8^9^, | R1\_A | n76   | R1\_A |       |
|       |       | n70,  |       | n39,  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n7    |       | n40,  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 4^4^, |       | n50,  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n91,  |       | n51,  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n92,  |       | n53,  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n93,  |       | n54,  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n94,  |       | n101  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n100, |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n109  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| B     | NR\_F | n65,  | NR\_T | n     | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F | n66,  | DD\_F | 38^7^ | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_B | n     | R1\_B |       | R1\_B |       | R1\_B |       |
|       |       | 74^3^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | NR\_F | n30   | NR\_T | n48,  | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F |       | DD\_F | n7    | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_C |       | R1\_C | 7^1^, | R1\_C |       | R1\_C |       |
|       |       |       |       | n78,  |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | n79   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| D     | NR\_F | n28   | NR\_T | n     | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F |       | DD\_F | 77^2^ | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_D |       | R1\_D |       | R1\_D |       | R1\_D |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| E     | NR\_F | n2,   | NR\_T | n41,  | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F | n5,   | DD\_F | n90   | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_E | n7    | R1\_E |       | R1\_E |       | R1\_E |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| F     | NR\_F | n     | NR\_T | \-    | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F | 26^6^ | DD\_F |       | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_F |       | R1\_F |       | R1\_F |       | R1\_F |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| G     | NR\_F | n3,   | NR\_T | n104  | NR\_S | n29   | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F | n8,   | DD\_F |       | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_G | n12,  | R1\_G |       | R1\_G |       | R1\_G |       |
|       |       | n13,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n14^  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 12^,, |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n20,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n71,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n85,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n105  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | ^11^, |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | n106  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| H     | NR\_F | n25   | NR\_T | \-    | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F |       | DD\_F |       | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_H |       | R1\_H |       | R1\_H |       | R1\_H |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| I     | NR\_F | \-    | NR\_T |       | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | n46   |
|       | DD\_F |       | DD\_F |       | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_I |       | R1\_I |       | R1\_I |       | R1\_I |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| J     | NR\_F | \-    | NR\_T | n47^  | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | n96,  |
|       | DD\_F |       | DD\_F | 8,12^ | DL\_F |       | CA\_F | n102  |
|       | R1\_J |       | R1\_J |       | R1\_J |       | R1\_J |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| K     | NR\_F | \-    | NR\_T | \-    | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F |       | DD\_F |       | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_K |       | R1\_K |       | R1\_K |       | R1\_K |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| L     | NR\_F | \-    | NR\_T | \-    | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F |       | DD\_F |       | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_L |       | R1\_L |       | R1\_L |       | R1\_L |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| M     | NR\_F | \-    | NR\_T | \-    | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F |       | DD\_F |       | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_M |       | R1\_M |       | R1\_M |       | R1\_M |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| N     | NR\_F | n31,  | NR\_T | \-    | NR\_S | \-    | NR\_C | \-    |
|       | DD\_F | n72   | DD\_F |       | DL\_F |       | CA\_F |       |
|       | R1\_N |       | R1\_N |       | R1\_N |       | R1\_N |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xcept |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.8   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| GHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| GHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.8   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| GHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4.2   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| GHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| E     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xcept |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 475.9 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 510.9 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 475.9 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 510.9 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| These |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bands |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| used  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in NR |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| a     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ggreg |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| other |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bands |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| acco  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rding |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to NR |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| CA    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| co    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mbina |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in TS |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 38.   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 101-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| [18\] |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| TS    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 38.   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 101-3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \[    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 20\]. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nimum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Io    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cond  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ition |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| duced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| by    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0.5   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dB    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ass   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igned |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| w     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ithin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 86    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5-894 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| When  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| used  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| V2X   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ser   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| vice, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| e     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| xclus |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ively |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| used  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| V2X   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| parti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cular |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \[    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 18\]. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| unlic |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ensed |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| used  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| V2X   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ser   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| vice. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| There |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is no |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| exp   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ected |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ne    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| twork |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| deplo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| yment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| \[    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 18\]. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| When  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| used  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| WAN   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ser   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| vice. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 10:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ating |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bands |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| where |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| oper  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| f     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| reque |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ncies |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| CCA   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| suppo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rted. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 11:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nimum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Io    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cond  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ition |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| duced |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| by    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 0.5   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dB    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| when  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dow   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nlink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ov    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| erlap |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 61    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2-617 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is 5  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 12:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| can   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| used  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| V2X   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| opera |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

### 

### 3.5.2A NR operating bands for satellite access in FR1

NR frequency bands grouping for satellite access in FR1 is specified in
table 3.5.2A-1.

Table 3.5.2A-1: NR frequency band groups for satellite access in FR1

  Group   NR FDD                 
  ------- ---------------------- ------------------
          Band group notation    Operating bands
  A       NR\_FDD\_SAB\_FR1\_A   n254, n255, n256
  B       NR\_FDD\_SAB\_FR1\_B   
  C       NR\_FDD\_SAB\_FR1\_C   
  D       NR\_FDD\_SAB\_FR1\_D   
  E       NR\_FDD\_SAB\_FR1\_E   
  F       NR\_FDD\_SAB\_FR1\_F   
  G       NR\_FDD\_SAB\_FR1\_G   
  H       NR\_FDD\_SAB\_FR1\_H   
  I       NR\_FDD\_SAB\_FR1\_I   
  J       NR\_FDD\_SAB\_FR1\_J   

### 3.5.3 NR operating bands in FR2

NR frequency bands grouping for FR2 is specified in table 3.5.3-1.

Table 3.5.3-1: NR frequency band groups for FR2

+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| Group                | Band group notation | Operating bands      |
+======================+=====================+======================+
| A                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_A     | n257^1^, n258^1^,    |
|                      |                     | n261^1^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| B                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_B     | n257^4^, n258^4^,    |
|                      |                     | n261^4^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| C                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_C     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| D                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_D     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| E                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_E     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| F                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_F     | n260^4^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| G                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_G     | n260^1^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| H                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_H     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| I                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_I     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| J                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_J     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| K                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_K     | n257^5,6^,           |
|                      |                     | n258^5,6^, n262^1^,  |
|                      |                     | n261^6^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| L                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_L     | n257^2^, n258^2^,    |
|                      |                     | n261^2^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| M                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_M     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| N                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_N     | n262^4^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| O                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_O     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| P                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_P     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| Q                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_Q     | n259^5^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| R                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_R     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| S                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_S     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| T                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_T     | n257^3^, n258^3^,    |
|                      |                     | n261^3^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| U                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_U     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| V                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_V     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| W                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_W     | n262^2^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| X                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_X     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| Y                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_Y     | n260^3^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| Z                    | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_Z     | n257^7^, n258^7^,    |
|                      |                     | n261^7^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| AA                   | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_AA    | n259^3^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| AB                   | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_AB    |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| AC                   | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_AC    |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| AD                   | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_AD    |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| AE                   | NR\_TDD\_FR2\_AE    | n262^3^              |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| NOTE 1: UE power     |                     |                      |
| class 1.             |                     |                      |
|                      |                     |                      |
| NOTE 2: UE power     |                     |                      |
| class 2.             |                     |                      |
|                      |                     |                      |
| NOTE 3: UE power     |                     |                      |
| class 3.             |                     |                      |
|                      |                     |                      |
| NOTE 4: UE power     |                     |                      |
| class 4.             |                     |                      |
|                      |                     |                      |
| NOTE 5: UE power     |                     |                      |
| class 5.             |                     |                      |
|                      |                     |                      |
| NOTE 6: UE power     |                     |                      |
| class 6.             |                     |                      |
|                      |                     |                      |
| NOTE 7: UE power     |                     |                      |
| class 7.             |                     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+

3.6 Applicability of requirements in this specification version
---------------------------------------------------------------

In this specification,

\- 'cell', 'PCell', 'PSCell' and 'SCell' refer to NR cell, NR PCell, NR
PSCell, and NR SCell,

\- E-UTRA cells are referred to as 'E-UTRA cell', 'E-UTRA PCell',
'E-UTRA PSCell', and 'E-UTRA SCell',

\- E-UTRA-NR dual connectivity where E-UTRA is the master is referred to
as 'E-UTRA-NR dual connectivity' or 'EN-DC'.

\- NR-NR dual connectivity which involves two gNB acting as Master gNB
and Secondary gNB is referred to as "NR-NR dual connectivity" or
"NR-DC". NR-DC in Rel-15 only includes the scenarios where all serving
cells in MCG in FR1 and all serving cells in SCG in FR2.

\- 'active serving cell' refers to PCell, PSCell and activated SCells

For UE configured with supplementary UL, the requirements in clause 7.1
and 7.3 shall also apply to uplink transmissions on supplementary UL.

Unless explicitly stated, requirements do not apply when CCA is used on
serving or neighbour cells.

### 3.6.1 RRC connected state requirements in DRX

For the requirements in RRC connected state specified in this version of
the specification, the UE shall assume that no DRX is used provided the
following conditions are met:

\- DRX parameters are not configured or

\- DRX parameters are configured and

\- *drx-InactivityTimer* is running or

\- *drx-RetransmissionTimerDL* is running or

\- *drx-RetransmissionTimerUL* is running or

\- *ra-ContentionResolutionTimer* is running or

\- a Scheduling Request sent on PUCCH is pending or

\- a PDCCH indicating a new transmission addressed to the C-RNTI of the
MAC entity has not been received after successful reception of a Random
Access Response for the preamble not selected by the MAC entity.

Otherwise, the UE shall assume that DRX is used.

### 3.6.2 Number of serving carriers

#### 3.6.2.1 Number of serving carriers for SA

Requirements for standalone NR with NR PCell are applicable for the UE
configured with the following number of serving NR CCs:

\- up to 16 NR DL CCs in total, with 1 UL (or 2 UL if SUL is configured)
in PCell and up to 8 UL (or 9 UL if SUL is configured) in total for
SCells.

\- SUL may be configured together with one of the UL

#### 3.6.2.2 Number of serving carriers for EN-DC

Requirements for EN-DC operation of E-UTRA and NR with E-UTRA PCell and
NR PSCell are applicable for the UE configured with the following number
of serving NR CCs:

\- up to 9 NR DL CCs in total, with 1 UL (or 2 UL if SUL is configured)
in PSCell, up to 7 UL (or 8 UL if SUL is configured) in total for SCells
in the FR of PSCell and up to 1 UL (or 2 UL if SUL is configured) in
SCell in different FR with PSCell.

\- SUL may be configured together with one of the UL

The applicable number of E-UTRA CC for EN-DC in the MCG for both UL and
DL is specified in TS 36.133 \[15\].

#### 3.6.2.3 Number of serving carriers for NE-DC

Requirements for NE-DC operation of NR and E-UTRA with NR PCell and
E-UTRA PSCell are applicable for the UE configured with the following
number of serving NR CCs:

\- up to 7 NR DL CCs in total, with 1 UL (or 2 UL if SUL is configured)
in PCell and up to 1 UL (or 2 UL if SUL is configured) in SCell.

\- SUL may be configured together with one of the UL

The applicable number of E-UTRA CC for NE-DC in the SCG for both UL and
DL is specified in TS 36.133 \[15\].

#### 3.6.2.4 Number of serving carriers for NR-DC

Requirements for NR-DC (FR1+FR1) are applicable for the UE configured
with the following number of serving NR CCs:

\- up to \[6\] NR DL CCs in total, with \[1\] UL in PCell, \[1\] UL in
PSCell, \[1\] UL in SCell(s).

Requirements for NR-DC (FR1+FR2) are applicable for the UE configured
with the following number of serving NR CCs:

\- up to 2 NR DL CCs in total in FR1, up to 8 NR DL CCs in total in FR2,
with 1 UL in PCell, 1 UL in PSCell, and up to 1 UL in each SCell.

### 3.6.3 Applicability for intra-band FR2

For the requirements in RRC connected state specified in this version of
the specification, UE shall assume that the transmitted signals from the
serving cells have the same downlink spatial domain transmission filter
on one OFDM symbol in the same band in FR2. Otherwise, the UE is not
required to satisfy any requirements for SCell.

### 3.6.4 Applicability for FR2 UE power classes

For the requirements of each FR2 power class specified in this version
of the specification, certain UE types with specific device
architectures are assumed. The UE types can be found in TS 38.101-2
\[19\].

### 3.6.5 Applicability for SDL bands

The measurements accuracy requirements for SDL bands in this version of
specification in clause 10.1 shall apply for NR intra-frequency
measurements on SCC (SS-RSRP, SS-RSRQ, SS-SINR, and L1-RSRP) and
inter-frequency measurements (SS-RSRP, SS-RSRQ, and SS-SINR).

### 3.6.6 Applicability of requirements for NGEN-DC operation

All the requirements in this specification applicable for EN-DC are also
applicable for NGEN-DC.

### 3.6.7 Applicability of QCL

For the requirements specified in this version of the specification for
TCI state switching, DL TCI state switching for unified TCI or UL TCI
state switching for unified TCI, a reference signal is considered to be
QCLed to another reference signal if it is in the same TCI chain as the
other reference signal, provided that the number of Reference Signals in
the chain is no more than 4. It is assumed there is single QCL type per
TCI chain.

A DL TCI chain consists of an SSB, and one or more CSI-RS resources, and
the TCI state of each Reference Signal includes another Reference Signal
in the same TCI chain, where the SSB can be associated with serving cell
PCI or associated with a PCI different from serving cell PCI.

DMRS of PDCCH or PDSCH is QCLed with the reference signal in its active
TCI state and any other reference signal that is QCLed, based on the
criteria for DL TCI chain, with the reference signal in the active TCI
state.

A UL TCI chain consists of an SSB, and one or more CSI-RS resources, and
the TCI state of each Reference Signal includes another Reference Signal
in the same TCI chain, where the SSB can be associated with serving cell
PCI or associated with a PCI different from serving cell PCI.

DMRS of PUCCH or PUSCH is QCLed with the reference signal in its active
TCI state and any other reference signal that is QCLed, based on the
criteria for UL TCI chain, with the reference signal in the active TCI
state.

3.6.8 Applicability of 2-step RA and 4-step RA in RRM requirements

Unless explicitly stated otherwise the requirements under the following
clauses, where the UE transmits random access (with requirements in
clause 6.2.2) to NR serving cell or NR target cell, are applicable for
both 2-step RA and 4-step RA procedures \[3\]:

\- Handover requirements in clause 6.1, except for clauses 6.1.2 and
6.1B,

\- RRC connection re-establishment requirements in clause 6.2.1,

\- RRC connection release with redirection to NR requirements in clause
6.2.3.2.1,

\- UE transmit timing requirements in clause 7.1,

\- PSCell addition delay requirements in clause 8.9.2,

\- PSCell change requirements in clause 8.11 and

\- Conditional PSCell change requirements in clause 8.11B.

Unless explicitly stated otherwise the requirements under the following
clauses, where the UE transmits random access (with requirements in
clause 6.2.2A) to NR serving cell or NR target cell subject to uplink
CCA, are applicable for both 2-step RA and 4-step RA procedures \[3\]:

> \- Handover requirements with CCA in clause 6.1B,
>
> \- RRC connection re-establishment requirements with CCA in clause
> 6.2.1A,
>
> \- RRC connection release with redirection to NR requirements with CCA
> in clause 6.2.3.2.3, and
>
> \- UE transmit timing requirements with CCA in clause 7.1.

### 3.6.9 Applicability of requirements for scheduling availability

The scheduling availability requirements in clauses 8.1.7.3, 8.5.7.3,
8.5.8.3, 9.5.6.3 and 9.10.2.6.2 assumes that:

\- The UE is not configured with simultaneous UL/DL between two FR2
bands if the UE does not have the capability of supporting
*simultaneousRxTxInterBandCA*, and

\- The UE is not configured with mixed numerology on two FR2 CCs if the
UE does not have the capability of supporting simultaneous reception
with two different numerologies between FR2 CCs in DL.

The scheduling availability requirements in clause s 8.1.7.1, 8.1.7.2,
8.5.7.1, 8.5.7.2, 8.5.8.1, 8.5.8.2, 9.5.6.1, 9.5.6.2, 9.8.6.1, and
9.8.6.2 assumes that the UE is not configured with simultaneous UL/DL
between two FR1 bands if the UE does not have the capability of
supporting *simultaneousRxTxInterBandCA*.

The scheduling availability requirements in clauses 8.1.7.4, 8.5.7.4,
8.5.8.4, 9.5.6.4 and 9.8.6.4 assumes that the UE is not configured with
simultaneous UL/DL between FR1 and FR2 bands if the UE does not have the
capability of supporting *simultaneousRxTxInterBandCA on this band
combination*.

### 3.6.10 Applicability of requirements for measurement restrictions

The requirements for measurement restrictions in clauses 8.1.2.3,
8.1.3.3, 8.5.2.3, 8.5.3.3, 8.5.5.3, 8.5.6.3, 8.18.2.3, 8.18.3.3,
8.18.5.3, 8.18.6.3, 9.5.5, 9.8.5 and 9.13.5 are not applicable if the
following condition is met:

\- The network configures mixed numerology on two CCs if the UE does not
have the capability of supporting simultaneous reception with different
numerologies between the two CCs in DL.

### 3.6.11 Applicability of requirements for Redcap UEs

#### 3.6.11.1 RRC connected state requirements in DRX

The requirements in clause 3.6.1 shall apply.

#### 3.6.11.2 Applicability for FR2 Redcap UE power classes

The requirements in clause 3.6.4 shall apply.

#### 3.6.11.3 Applicability of QCL

The requirements in clause 3.6.7 shall apply.

### 3.6.12 Applicability of requirements for Satellite Access

The requirements for Satellite Access defined in clauses with suffix 'C'
apply provided that UE indicates *nonTerrestrialNetwork* and is
accessing a cell served by a Satellite Access Node (SAN). The
requirements apply provided that serving and all neighbour satellites on
the same layer are of same satellite type (LEO or GEO).

### 3.6.13 Applicability of requirements for FR2

Unless stated otherwise, the requirements for FR2 are applicable to both
FR2-1 and FR2-2, except for the following cases:

\- SFTD measurement requirements in clauses 9.2.5.4, 9.3.8, 10.1.21 for
FR2 are only applicable for FR2-1,

\- CGI identification requirements in clause 9.11 for FR2 are only
applicable for FR2-1,

\- Inter-band CA requirements in all corresponding clauses for FR2 are
only applicable for FR2-1.

\- L1-RSRP measurements for a cell with different PCI from serving cell
in clause 9.13 for FR2 are only applicable for FR2-1.

\- LTM requirements in all corresponding clauses for FR2 are only
applicable for FR2-1.

### 3.6.14 Applicability of requirements for FR2 Power Class 6

For Rel-17 FR2 power class 6 for the UE type of high speed train
roof-mounted UE, UE shall only be in NR SA operation.

Measurement and evaluation period requirements with
*highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* configured in clause 4.2.2.3, 8.1.2.2,
8.5.2.2, 9.2.5, 9.2.6, 9.5.4, 9.8.4, delay requirements in clause
6.2.1.2.1, 8.10.3A, and UL timing adjustment in clause 7.1.2.3, are only
applicable when any two SSBs from non-collocated adjacent RRHs are not
on the same or consecutive symbols.

L1-SINR accuracy requirements for FR2 configured in clause 10.1.28 and
intra-frequency SS-SINR accuracy requirements configured in clause
10.1.13 are not applicable to Rel-17 HST FR2 power class 6 UEs.

### 3.6.15 Applicability of requirements for per-FR gap

Requirements for per-FR gap are applicable for the UE indicating one of
the following capabilities:

\- Rel-15 capability "independentGapConfig";

\- Rel-17 capability "independentGapConfig-maxCC-r17," and the number of
configured serving cells is less than or equal to the indicated
parameters "fr1-Only," "fr2-Only," and "fr1And2," as specified in TS
38.306 \[14\].

### 3.6.16 Applicability of requirements for ATG

The requirements in ATG specific clauses apply to an ATG UE operating in
FR1 NR SA without CA operation mode at an altitude of at-least 3km.

### 3.6.17 Applicability of requirements for MUSIM gaps

No requirements are defined in this version of specification when MUSIM
gaps collide with Pre-MG and/or NCSG.

### 3.6.18 Applicability of requirements for a UE operating on a cell with less than 5 MHz BW

For a UE operating on a cell with less than 5 MHz BW in FR1 FDD bands,
the requirements corresponding to NR single carrier operation are
applicable unless specific requirements corresponding to reduced BW are
specified.

### 3.6.19 Applicability of requirements for multi-Rx operation in FR2-1

The requirements related to the support of *fastBeamSweepingMultiRx-r18*
or *schedulingMeasurementRelaxation-r18* are applicable to a PCell,
PSCell, or SCell, provided the UE is configured with a single serving
cell (PCell, PSCell, or SCell) in FR2-1.

The requirements related to the support of *fastBeamSweepingMultiRx-r18
are applicable when the network configures the UE with a* CSI report
containing *groupBasedBeamReporting-v1710.*

4 SA: RRC\_IDLE state mobility
==============================

4.1 Cell Selection
------------------

After a UE has switched on and a PLMN has been selected, the Cell
selection process takes place, as described in TS 38.304 \[1\]. This
process allows the UE to select a suitable cell where to camp on in
order to access available services. In this process, the UE can use
stored information (*Stored information cell selection*) or not
(*Initial cell selection*).

The 1 Rx RedCap UE for the cell selection procedure \[1\] applies:

*- Qrxlevmin* as the signaled value of *Qrxlevmin* \[2\] -1 dB.

*- Qqualmin* as the signaled value of *Qqualmin* \[2\] -1 dB.

4.2 Cell Re-selection
---------------------

### 4.2.1 Introduction

The cell reselection procedure allows the UE to select a more suitable
cell and camp on it.

When the UE is in either *Camped* *Normally* state or *Camped on Any
Cell* state on a cell, the UE shall attempt to detect, synchronise, and
monitor intra-frequency, inter-frequency and inter-RAT cells indicated
by the serving cell. For intra-frequency and inter-frequency cells the
serving cell may provide explicit neighbour list, or only carrier
frequency information and bandwidth information. UE measurement activity
is also controlled by measurement rules defined in TS 38.304 \[1\],
allowing the UE to limit its measurement activity. For inter-frequency
cell re-selection, when NTN carrier is not configured, requirements
specified in clause 4.2.2.4 apply and when NTN carrier is configured,
requirements specified in clause 4.2.2.12 shall be applied.

In the requirements of clause 4.2, the exceptions for side conditions
apply as follows:

\- for the UE capable of CA, the applicable exceptions for side
conditions are specified in Annex B, clause B.3.2.1, B.3.2.3, or B.3.2.5
for UE supporting CA in FR1, CA in FR2 and CA between FR1 and FR2,
respectively;

\- for the UE capable of SUL, the applicable exceptions for side
conditions are specified in Annex B, clause B.3.4.1 for UE supporting
SUL in FR1.

### 4.2.2 Requirements

#### 4.2.2.1 UE measurement capability

For idle mode cell re-selection purposes, and for UE supporting
*idleInactiveNR-MeasReport-r16*, *idleInactiveEUTRA-MeasReport-r16 or
idleInactiveNR-MeasReport-r17, for* NR CA and MR-DC measurement purpose,
the UE shall be capable of monitoring at least:

\- Intra-frequency carrier, and

\- Depending on UE capability, 7 NR inter-frequency carriers, and

\- Depending on UE capability, 7 FDD E-UTRA inter-RAT carriers, and

\- Depending on UE capability, 7 TDD E-UTRA inter-RAT carriers.

*In addition to the requirements defined above,* a UE supporting E-UTRA
measurements in RRC\_IDLE state shall be capable of monitoring a total
of at least 14 carrier frequency layers, which includes serving layers,
comprising of any above defined combination of E-UTRA FDD, E-UTRA TDD
and NR layers.

#### 4.2.2.2 Measurement and evaluation of serving cell

The UE shall measure the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ level of the serving cell
and evaluate the cell selection criterion S defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]
for the serving cell at least once every M1\*N1 DRX cycle; where:

\- M1=2 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and DRX cycle ≤ 0.64
second,

\- otherwise M1=1.

The UE shall filter the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the serving
cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used
for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by, at
least eDRX\_IDLE cycle/2, if the UE is configured with eDRX cycle ≤
10.24 s; otherwise DRX cycle/2.

For UE not configured with *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17*, N~serv~ is
specified in table 4.2.2.2-1. For FR2 power class 6 UE configured with
*highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17*, N~serv~ is specified in table 4.2.2.2-4.

If the UE is not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and the UE has
evaluated according to table 4.2.2.2-1 or table 4.2.2.2-4 in N~serv~
consecutive DRX cycles that the serving cell does not fulfil the cell
selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate the measurements of all
neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell, regardless of the
measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement activities.

If the UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle ≤ 10.24 s and the UE has
evaluated according to table 4.2.2.2-2 or table 4.2.2.2-3 in N~serv~
consecutive eDRX cycles that the serving cell does not fulfil the cell
selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate the measurements of all
neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell, regardless of the
measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement activities.

If the UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle \> 10.24 s and the UE has
evaluated according to table 4.2.2.2-2 or table 4.2.2.2-3 in N~serv~
consecutive DRX cycles within a single PTW that the serving cell does
not fulfil the cell selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate the
measurements of all neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell,
regardless of the measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement
activities.

If the UE in RRC\_IDLE has not found any new suitable cell based on
searches and measurements using the intra-frequency, inter-frequency and
inter-RAT information indicated in the system information during the
time T, the UE shall initiate cell selection procedures for the selected
PLMN as defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], where

> \- T= 10s if the UE is not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, or
>
> \- T= MAX (10s, one eDRX\_IDLE cycle) if the UE is configured with
> eDRX\_IDLE cycle in FR1, or
>
> \- T= MAX (10s, N1\* eDRX\_IDLE cycle) if the UE is configured with
> eDRX\_IDLE cycle less than 20.48s in FR2,

\- Otherwise, T= MAX (10s, one eDRX\_IDLE cycle) if the UE is configured
with eDRX\_IDLE cycle no less than 20.48 s in FR2

Table 4.2.2.2-1: N~serv~

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-----------+
| DRX cycle   | Scaling     | N~serv~     |             |           |
| length      | Factor (N1) | \[number of |             |           |
| \[s\]       |             | DRX         |             |           |
|             |             | cycles\]    |             |           |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-----------+
|             | FR1         | F           | FR2-2       |           |
|             |             | R2-1^Note1^ | ^Note2^     |           |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-----------+
| 0.32        | 1           | 8           | 12          | M1\*N1\*4 |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-----------+
| 0.64        |             | 5           | 8           | M1\*N1\*4 |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-----------+
| 1.28        |             | 4           | 6           | N1\*2     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-----------+
| 2.56        |             | 3           | 5           | N1\*2     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-----------+
| NOTE 1:     |             |             |             |           |
| Applies for |             |             |             |           |
| UE          |             |             |             |           |
| supporting  |             |             |             |           |
| FR2-1 power |             |             |             |           |
| class       |             |             |             |           |
| 2&3&4. For  |             |             |             |           |
| UE          |             |             |             |           |
| supporting  |             |             |             |           |
| FR2-1 power |             |             |             |           |
| class 1 or  |             |             |             |           |
| 5, N1 = 8   |             |             |             |           |
| for all DRX |             |             |             |           |
| cycle       |             |             |             |           |
| length.     |             |             |             |           |
|             |             |             |             |           |
| NOTE 2:     |             |             |             |           |
| Applies for |             |             |             |           |
| UE          |             |             |             |           |
| supporting  |             |             |             |           |
| FR2-2 power |             |             |             |           |
| class 2&3.  |             |             |             |           |
| For UE      |             |             |             |           |
| supporting  |             |             |             |           |
| FR2-2 power |             |             |             |           |
| class 1, N1 |             |             |             |           |
| = 12 for    |             |             |             |           |
| all DRX     |             |             |             |           |
| cycle       |             |             |             |           |
| length.     |             |             |             |           |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-----------+

Table 4.2.2.2-2: N~serv~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle
(Frequency range FR1)

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE  | DRX cycle   | PTW length  | Scaling     | N~serv~     |
| cycle       | length      | \[s\]       | Factor (N1) | \[number of |
| length      | \[s\]       | (***number  |             | DRX or eDRX |
| \[s\]       |             | of 1.28 s   |             | cycles      |
|             |             | periods***) |             | ^Note\ 3^\] |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2.56        | N/A         | N/A         | 1           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 5.12        | N/A         | N/A         |             | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 10.24       | N/A         | N/A         |             | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 20.48 ≤     | 0.32        | ≥\[1.28\]   |             | N1\*M1\*2   |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             | (1)         |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| ≤10485.76   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 0.64        | ≥ 1.28 (1)  |             | N1\*M1\*2   |
|             |             | (M1=1) or ≥ |             |             |
|             |             | 2.56 (2)    |             |             |
|             |             | (M1=2)      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 1.28        | ≥2.56 (2)   |             | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2.56        | ≥5.12 (4)   |             | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: The |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| DRX cycles  |             |             |             |             |
| in this     |             |             |             |             |
| table       |             |             |             |             |
| corresponds |             |             |             |             |
| to the DRX  |             |             |             |             |
| cycles      |             |             |             |             |
| within      |             |             |             |             |
| PTWs, when  |             |             |             |             |
| PTW is      |             |             |             |             |
| configured. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: The |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             |             |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| lengths are |             |             |             |             |
| as          |             |             |             |             |
| specified   |             |             |             |             |
| in section  |             |             |             |             |
| 10.5.5.32   |             |             |             |             |
| of TS       |             |             |             |             |
| 24          |             |             |             |             |
| .008\[42\]. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 3:     |             |             |             |             |
| Number of   |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX cycles |             |             |             |             |
| when        |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             |             |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| equals 2.56 |             |             |             |             |
| s, 5.12 s   |             |             |             |             |
| and 10.24   |             |             |             |             |
| s.          |             |             |             |             |
| Otherwise,  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| DRX cycles. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 4: The |             |             |             |             |
| lower bound |             |             |             |             |
| of *PTW     |             |             |             |             |
| length is   |             |             |             |             |
| derived     |             |             |             |             |
| based on*   |             |             |             |             |
| $\left\l    |             |             |             |             |
| ceil \frac{ |             |             |             |             |
| \text{Nserv |             |             |             |             |
| }\ *DRX\_ c |             |             |             |             |
| ycle}{1.28} |             |             |             |             |
|  \right\rce |             |             |             |             |
| il*1.28$*.* |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 4.2.2.2-3: N~serv~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle
(Frequency range FR2)

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE  | DRX cycle   | PTW length  | Scaling     | N~serv~     |
| cycle       | length      | \[s\]       | Factor (N1) | \[number of |
| length      | \[s\]       | (***number  | ^Note1^     | DRX or eDRX |
| \[s\]       |             | of 1.28 s   |             | cycles      |
|             |             | periods***) |             | ^Note\ 4^\] |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2.56        | N/A         | N/A         | 3           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 5.12        | N/A         | N/A         | 3           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 10.24       | N/A         | N/A         | 3           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 20.48 ≤     | 0.32        | ≥5.12 (4)   | 8           | N1\*2       |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             |             |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| ≤10485.76   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 0.64        | ≥6.4 (5)    | 5           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 1.28        | ≥10.24 (8)  | 4           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2.56        | ≥15.36 (12) | 3           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1:     |             |             |             |             |
| Applies for |             |             |             |             |
| UE          |             |             |             |             |
| supporting  |             |             |             |             |
| FR2-1 power |             |             |             |             |
| class       |             |             |             |             |
| 2&3&4. For  |             |             |             |             |
| UE          |             |             |             |             |
| supporting  |             |             |             |             |
| FR2-1 power |             |             |             |             |
| class 1 or  |             |             |             |             |
| 5, N1 = 8   |             |             |             |             |
| for all DRX |             |             |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| length.     |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: The |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| DRX cycles  |             |             |             |             |
| in this     |             |             |             |             |
| table       |             |             |             |             |
| corresponds |             |             |             |             |
| to the DRX  |             |             |             |             |
| cycles      |             |             |             |             |
| within      |             |             |             |             |
| PTWs, when  |             |             |             |             |
| PTW is      |             |             |             |             |
| configured. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 3: The |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             |             |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| lengths are |             |             |             |             |
| as          |             |             |             |             |
| specified   |             |             |             |             |
| in section  |             |             |             |             |
| 10.5.5.32   |             |             |             |             |
| of TS       |             |             |             |             |
| 24.008      |             |             |             |             |
| \[42\].     |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 4:     |             |             |             |             |
| Number of   |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX cycles |             |             |             |             |
| when        |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             |             |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| equals 2.56 |             |             |             |             |
| s, 5.12 s   |             |             |             |             |
| and 10.24   |             |             |             |             |
| s.          |             |             |             |             |
| Otherwise,  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| DRX cycles. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 5: The |             |             |             |             |
| lower bound |             |             |             |             |
| of *PTW     |             |             |             |             |
| length is   |             |             |             |             |
| derived     |             |             |             |             |
| based on*   |             |             |             |             |
| $\left\l    |             |             |             |             |
| ceil \frac{ |             |             |             |             |
| \text{Nserv |             |             |             |             |
| }\ *DRX\_ c |             |             |             |             |
| ycle}{1.28} |             |             |             |             |
|  \right\rce |             |             |             |             |
| il*1.28$*.* |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| *NOTE 6:    |             |             |             |             |
| When        |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX=20.48  |             |             |             |             |
| s and       |             |             |             |             |
| DRX=0.32 s, |             |             |             |             |
| UE is       |             |             |             |             |
| allowed to  |             |             |             |             |
| perform     |             |             |             |             |
| cell        |             |             |             |             |
| evaluation  |             |             |             |             |
| within PTW  |             |             |             |             |
| in every 2  |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX        |             |             |             |             |
| cycles.*    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 4.2.2.2-4: N~serv~ for UE configured with
*highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* (Frequency range FR2)

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ----------------------------------
  DRX cycle length \[s\]                                                                                      Scaling Factor (N1)   N~serv~ \[number of DRX cycles\]
  0.32                                                                                                        N2^Note1^             M1\*N1\*4
  0.64                                                                                                        5                     M1\*N1\*4
  1.28                                                                                                        4                     N1\*2
  2.56                                                                                                        3                     N1\*2
  NOTE 1: N2 = 2 when *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* = \[set1\]; N2 = 6 when *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* = set2.                         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ----------------------------------

For any requirement in this section, when the UE transitions between any
two states when being configured with eDRX\_IDLE, changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, or changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the
transition requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the
two requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 4.2.2.3 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells

The UE shall be able to identify new intra-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the identified intra-frequency cells
without an explicit intra-frequency neighbour list containing physical
layer cell identities.

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
intra-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304
\[1\] within T~detect,NR\_Intra~ when that T~reselection~= 0. An intra
frequency cell is considered to be detectable according to the
conditions defined in Annex B.1.2 for a corresponding Band.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ at least every
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ (see table 4.2.2.3-1, table 4.2.2.3-2, table
4.2.2.3-3, table 4.2.2.3-4 or table 4.2.2.3-5) for intra-frequency cells
that are identified and measured according to the measurement rules.

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
intra-frequency cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of
measurements used for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be
spaced by at least T~measure,NR\_Intra~/2.

The UE shall not consider an NR neighbour cell for cell reselection, if
it is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an intra-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the intra-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] within T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ when
T~reselection~ = 0 as specified in table 4.2.2.3-1, table 4.2.2.3-2,
table 4.2.2.3-3, table 4.2.2.3-4 or table 4.2.2.3-5 provided that:

> when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:

\- the cell is at least 3 dB better ranked in FR1 or 4.5 dB better
ranked in FR2.

when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:

\- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value in TS 38.304 \[1\] is within
*rangeToBestCell* of the cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest
ranked cell.

\- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank among
them.

\- the cell is at least 3 dB better ranked in FR1 or 4.5 dB better
ranked in FR2 if the current serving cell is among them.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and non-serving intra-frequency cells.

If the T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and an intra-frequency
cell satisfies the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], the
UE shall evaluate this intra-frequency cell for the T~reselection~ time.
If this cell remains satisfied with the reselection criteria within this
duration, then the UE shall reselect to this cell.

For UE neither configured with *highSpeedMeasFlag-r16* nor
*highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17*, T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~
and T~evaluate,\ NR\_intra~ are specified in table 4.2.2.3-1. For UE
configured with *highSpeedMeasFlag-r16*, T~detect,NR\_Intra,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_intra~ are specified in table
4.2.2.3-2.

For a UE configured with *highSpeedMeasFlag-r16*, and configured with
relaxed measurement criterion (*lowMobilityEvaluation*
or both *lowMobilityEvaluation* and *cellEdgeEvaluation*),

\- if the relaxed measurement criteria in section 4.2.2.9.2 are
fulfilled, it is up to UE implementation whether to apply the relaxed
measurements requirements specified in clause 4.2.2.9.2 or high speed
requirements specified in this clause

\- otherwise, high speed requirements specified in this clause shall be
applied.

For FR2 power class 6 UE configured with *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17*,
T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,\ NR\_intra~
are specified in table 4.2.2.3-3.

For UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, T~detect,NR\_Intra,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ are specified in table
4.2.2.3-1, 4.2.2.3-2 and 4.2.2.3-3.

For UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, T~detect,NR\_Intra,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ are specified in table
4.2.2.3-4 and table 4.2.2.3-5 for FR1 and FR2 respectively, where the
requirements apply provided that the serving cell is configured with
eDRX\_IDLE and the DRX cycle length is same in all PTWs during any of
T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ when
multiple PTWs are used.

The requirements in table 4.2.2.3-2 apply only when the UE supports
*measurementEnhancement-r16* or *intraNR-MeasurementEnhancement-r16*.
For UE neither supporting *measurementEnhancement-r16* nor
*intraNR-MeasurementEnhancement-r16*, the UE is not required to meet the
requirements specified in table 4.2.2.3-2.

Table 4.2.2.3-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| DRX     | Scaling | T~det   | T~meas  | T~evalu |         |         |
| cycle   | Factor  | ect,NR\ | ure,NR\ | ate,NR\ |         |         |
| length  | (N1)    | _Intra~ | _Intra~ | _Intra~ |         |         |
| \[s\]   |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |         |         |         |
|         |         | (number | (number | \[s\]   |         |         |
|         |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | (number |         |         |
|         |         | cycles) | cycles) | of DRX  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | cycles) |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
|         | FR1     | FR2-1   | FR2-2   |         |         |         |
|         |         | ^Note1^ | ^Note2^ |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.32    | 1       | 8       | 12      | 11.52 x | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x M2 | N1 x M2 | N1 x M2 |
|         |         |         |         | (36 x   | (4 x N1 | (16 x   |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x M2)   | N1 x    |
|         |         |         |         | M2)     |         | M2)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.64    |         | 5       | 8       | 17.92 x | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 (28  | N1 (2 x | N1 (8 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1)   | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 1.28    |         | 4       | 6       | 32 x N1 | 1.28 x  | 6.4 x   |
|         |         |         |         | (25 x   | N1 (1 x | N1 (5 x |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 2.56    |         | 3       | 5       | 58.88 x | 2.56 x  | 7.68 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 (23  | N1 (1 x | N1 (3 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1)   | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 1, N1 = |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 12 for  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| M2 =    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 1.5 if  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SMTC    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| peri    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| odicity |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| m       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| easured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| i       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ntra-fr |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equency |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell \> |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 20 ms;  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ot      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| herwise |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| M2=1.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| If      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| di      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| fferent |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SMTC    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| period  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| icities |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| di      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| fferent |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cells,  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SMTC    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| peri    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| odicity |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| note is |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the one |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| used by |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| being   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| iden    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| tified. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| During  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PSS/SSS |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| det     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ection, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| peri    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| odicity |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SMTC    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| i       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ntra-fr |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equency |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| carrier |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| a       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ssumed, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| and if  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| actual  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SSB     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| trans   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| mission |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| peri    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| odicity |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| greater |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| than    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SMTC    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| i       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ntra-fr |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equency |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| arrier, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| longer  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| T~detec |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t,\ NR\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _intra~ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ex      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pected. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 4.2.2.3-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with ***highSpeedMeasFlag-r16***
(Frequency range FR1)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~det          | T~meas         | T~evalu        |
| length \[s\]   | ect,NR\_Intra~ | ure,NR\_Intra~ | ate,NR\_Intra~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.32           | 2.56 x M2 (8 x | 0.32 x M3 (1 x | 0.96 x M4 (3 x |
|                | M2)            | M3)            | M4)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 5.12 (8)       | 0.64 (1)       | 1.92 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 8.96 (7)       | 1.28 (1)       | 3.84 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 (23)     | 2.56 (1)       | 7.68 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: When   |                |                |                |
| SMTC \< = 40   |                |                |                |
| ms, M2 = M3 =  |                |                |                |
| M4 = 1; and    |                |                |                |
| when SMTC \>   |                |                |                |
| 40 ms, M2 =    |                |                |                |
| 1.5, M3 = M4 = |                |                |                |
| 2              |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: When   |                |                |                |
| *highSpee      |                |                |                |
| dMeasFlag-r16* |                |                |                |
| is configured, |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| requirements   |                |                |                |
| apply only to  |                |                |                |
| UE supporting  |                |                |                |
| either         |                |                |                |
| *measurementEn |                |                |                |
| hancement-r16* |                |                |                |
| or             |                |                |                |
| *intraNR-      |                |                |                |
| MeasurementEnh |                |                |                |
| ancement-r16.* |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.3-3: T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17*
(Frequency range FR2)

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| DRX cycle   | Scaling     | T~detect    | T~measure   | T~evaluate  |
| length      | Factor (N1) | ,NR\_Intra~ | ,NR\_Intra~ | ,NR\_Intra~ |
| \[s\]       |             | \[s\]       | \[s\]       |             |
|             |             | (number of  | (number of  | \[s\]       |
|             |             | DRX cycles) | DRX cycles) | (number of  |
|             |             |             |             | DRX cycles) |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| 0.32        | N2^Note2^   | 2.56 x N1 x | 0.32 x N1 x | 0.96 x N1 x |
|             |             | M2 (8 x N1  | M3 (1 x N1  | M4 (3 x N1  |
|             |             | x M2)       | x M3)       | x M4)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 0.64        | 5           | 17.92 x N1  | 1.28 x N1   | 5.12 x N1   |
|             |             | (28 x N1)   | (2 x N1)    | (8 x N1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 1.28        | 4           | 32 x N1 (25 | 1.28 x N1   | 6.4 x N1 (5 |
|             |             | x N1)       | (1 x N1)    | x N1)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2.56        | 3           | 58.88 x N1  | 2.56 x N1   | 7.68 x N1   |
|             |             | (23 x N1)   | (1 x N1)    | (3 x N1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1:     |             |             |             |             |
| When SMTC   |             |             |             |             |
| \< = 40 ms, |             |             |             |             |
| M2 = M3 =   |             |             |             |             |
| M4 = 1; and |             |             |             |             |
| when SMTC   |             |             |             |             |
| \> 40 ms,   |             |             |             |             |
| M2 = 1.5,   |             |             |             |             |
| M3 = M4 = 2 |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: N2  |             |             |             |             |
| = 2 when    |             |             |             |             |
| *hig        |             |             |             |             |
| hSpeedMeasF |             |             |             |             |
| lagFR2-r17* |             |             |             |             |
| = set1; N2  |             |             |             |             |
| = 6 when    |             |             |             |             |
| *hig        |             |             |             |             |
| hSpeedMeasF |             |             |             |             |
| lagFR2-r17* |             |             |             |             |
| = set2.     |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 4.2.2.3-4: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency
range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~d      | T~me     | T~eva    |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | etect,NR | asure,NR | luate,NR |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | \_Intra~ | \_Intra~ | \_Intra~ |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          | s        | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          | periods) | cycles   | cycles   | cycles   |
|          |          |          | or eDRX  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  |
|          |          |          | cycles   | cycles   | cycles   |
|          |          |          | ^N       | ^N       | ^N       |
|          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 2.56     | \-       | \-       | 58.88    | 2.56 (1) | 7.68 (3) |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 5.12     | \-       | \-       | 117.76   | 5.12 (1) | 10.24    |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 10.24    | \-       | \-       | 235.52   | 10.24    | 20.48    |
|          |          |          | (23)     | (1)      | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | $$       | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (1)      | \text{eD | M2 (1 x  | M2 (2 x  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | RX}\_\te | M2)      | M2)      |
| cycle    |          |          | xt{cycl} |          |          |
| length   |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          | th \time |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | s \left\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | lceil \f |          |          |
|          |          |          | rac{23}{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | PTW/DRX\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | _ cycle\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | _ length |          |          |
|          |          |          | } \right |          |          |
|          |          |          | \rceil$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | \(23\)   |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | (2)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | (4)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs,    |          |          |          |          |          |
| when PTW |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| con      |          |          |          |          |          |
| figured. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of eDRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| when     |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.56 s,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 5.12 s   |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10.24 s. |          |          |          |          |          |
| Ot       |          |          |          |          |          |
| herwise, |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles.  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,NR\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Intra* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 2   |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2.2.3-5: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency
range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **      | **T     | **T~    |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | T~detec | ~measur | evaluat |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | t,NR\_I | e,NR\_I | e,NR\_I |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | ntra~** | ntra~** | ntra\ ~ |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | **\[s\] |
|         |         | s       |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         | p       |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         | eriods) |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | or eDRX | or eDRX | or eDRX |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | ^No     | ^No     | ^No     |
|         |         |         |         | te\ 4^) | te\ 4^) | te\ 4^) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 2.56    | \-      | \-      | 3       | 58.88 x | 2.56 x  | 7.68 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 (23  | N1 (1 x | N1 (3 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1)   | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 5.12    | \-      | \-      | 3       | 117.76  | 5.12 x  | 10.24 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1    | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | N1)     | N1)     |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 10.24   | \-      | \-      | 3       | 235.52  | 10.24 x | 20.48 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1    | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | N1)     | N1)     |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥5.12   | 8       | $$\t    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (4)     |         | ext{eDR | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | X}\_\te | N1)     | N1)     |
| cycle   |         |         |         | xt{cycl |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | }e\_ le |         |         |
| ≤1      |         |         |         | ngth \t |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         | imes \l |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eft\lce |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | il \fra |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | c{23 \t |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | imes N1 |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | }{PTW/D |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | RX\_ cy |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | cle\_ l |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ength}  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \right\ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | rceil$$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥6.4    | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (5)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥10.24  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (8)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | ≥15.36  | 3       |         | 2.56 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         | (12)    |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| when    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW is  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| conf    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| igured. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of eDRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| when    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equals  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2.56 s, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 5.12 s  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| and     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10.24   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s.      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Oth     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erwise, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of *PTW |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on*     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\l     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eft\lce |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| il \fra |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c{Teval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uate,NR |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ Intr |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| a*DRX\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  cycle} |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {1.28}  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \right\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rceil*1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .28$*.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *NOTE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6: When |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X=20.48 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s and   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| D       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RX=0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| allowed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| perform |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| every 2 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ycles.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

For any requirement in this section, when the UE transitions between any
two states when being configured with eDRX\_IDLE, changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, or changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the
transition requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the
two requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 4.2.2.4 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells

The UE shall be able to identify new inter-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of identified inter-frequency cells if
carrier frequency information is provided by the serving cell, even if
no explicit neighbour list with physical layer cell identities is
provided.

If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at least
every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2.2.7.

If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the UE
shall search for and measure inter-frequency layers of higher, equal or
lower priority in preparation for possible reselection. In this
scenario, the minimum rate at which the UE is required to search for and
measure higher priority layers shall be the same as that defined below
in this clause.

For a UE configured with *highSpeedMeasInterFreq-r17*, and configured
with relaxed measurement criterion (*lowMobilityEvaluation* or both
*lowMobilityEvaluation* and *cellEdgeEvaluation*),

\- if the relaxed measurement criteria in section 4.2.2.9.2 are
fulfilled, it is up to UE implementation whether to apply the relaxed
measurements requirements specified in clause 4.2.2.10.2 or high speed
requirements specified in this clause

\- otherwise, high speed requirements specified in this clause shall be
applied

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
inter-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304
\[1\] within K~carrier~ \* T~detect,NR\_Inter~ + K~carrier\_HST~ \*
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_HST~ if at least carrier frequency information is
provided for inter-frequency neighbour cells by the serving cells when
T~reselection~ = 0 provided that the reselection criteria is met by a
margin of at least 5 dB in FR1 or 6.5dB in FR2 for reselections based on
ranking or 6dB in FR1 or 7.5dB in FR2 for SS-RSRP reselections based on
absolute priorities or 4dB in FR1 and 4dB in FR2 for SS-RSRQ
reselections based on absolute priorities.

The parameter K~carrier~ is the number of NR inter-frequency carriers
which are not configured with *highSpeedMeasInterFreq-r17* for FR1 or
*highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* for FR2 indicated by the serving cell. The
parameter K~carrier\_HST~ is the number of NR inter-frequency carriers
which are configured with *highSpeedMeasInterFreq-r17* for FR1
or*highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* for FR2 indicated by the serving cell. The
parameter K~carrier~ for a UE configured with idle mode CA/DC
measurements (while T331 is running), is the combined number of NR
inter-frequency carriers indicated by the serving cell and the number of
NR inter-frequency carriers configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements
which are not configured with *highSpeedMeasInterFreq-r17* for FR1 or
*highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* for FR2. The parameter K~carrier\_HST~ for a
UE configured with idle mode CA/DC measurements (while T331 is running),
is the combined number of NR inter-frequency carriers indicated by the
serving cell and the number of NR inter-frequency carriers configured
for idle mode CA/DC measurements which are configured with
*highSpeedMeasInterFreq-r17* for FR1 or *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* for
FR2.

Note: Combined total number means that if a carrier is an
inter-frequency carrier indicated by the serving cell for mobility and
additionally a carrier configured for idle mode CA measurements, it only
counts as one carrier.

An inter-frequency cell is considered to be detectable according to the
conditions defined in Annex B.1.3 for a corresponding Band.

When higher priority cells are found by the higher priority search, they
shall be measured at least every T~measure,NR\_Inter~. If, after
detecting a cell in a higher priority search, it is determined that
reselection has not occurred then the UE is not required to continuously
measure the detected cell to evaluate the ongoing possibility of
reselection. However, the minimum measurement filtering requirements
specified later in this clause shall still be met by the UE before it
makes any determination that it may stop measuring the cell. If the UE
detects on a NR carrier a cell whose physical identity is indicated as
not allowed for that carrier in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell, the UE is not required to perform
measurements on that cell.

A UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle shall measure SS-RSRP or
SS-RSRQ at least every K~carrier~ \* T~measure,NR\_Inter~ +
K~carrier\_HST~ \* T~measure,NR\_Inter\_HST~ (see table 4.2.2.4-1, table
4.2.2.4-2 if UE declares support of idle mode inter-frequency
measurement enhancement when **configured with**
*highSpeedMeasInterFreq-r17* in FR1; or table 4.2.2.4-2a if UE declares
support of idle mode inter-frequency measurement enhancement when
configured with *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* in FR2; else see Table
4.2.2.4-1) for identified lower or equal priority inter-frequency cells.
If the UE detects on a NR carrier a cell whose physical identity is
indicated as not allowed for that carrier in the measurement control
system information of the serving cell, the UE is not required to
perform measurements on that cell.

A UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle shall filter SS-RSRP or
SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured higher, lower and equal priority
inter-frequency cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of
measurements used for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be
spaced by at least T~measure,NR\_Inter~/2 for carriers which are not
configured with *highSpeedMeasInterFreq-r17* for FR1 or
*highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17 for FR2* or T~measure,NR\_Inter\_HST~ /2 for
carriers which are configured with *highSpeedMeasInterFreq-r17* for FR1
and *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17 for FR2*.

A UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle shall measure SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ
at least every K~carrier~ \* T~measure,NR\_Inter~ (see table 4.2.2.4-3
and table 4.2.2.4-4) for identified lower or equal priority
inter-frequency cells. If the UE detects on a NR carrier a cell whose
physical identity is indicated as not allowed for that carrier in the
measurement control system information of the serving cell, the UE is
not required to perform measurements on that cell.

A UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle shall filter SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ
measurements of each measured higher, lower and equal priority
inter-frequency cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of
measurements used for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be
spaced by at least T~measure,NR\_Inter~/2.

The UE shall not consider a NR neighbour cell in cell reselection, if it
is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an inter-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE not
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle shall be capable of evaluating that the
inter-frequency cell has met reselection criterion defined TS 38.304
\[1\] within K~carrier~ \* T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ + K~carrier\_HST~ \*
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_HST~ when T~reselection~ = 0 (as specified in
table 4.2.2.4-1, table 4.2.2.4-2 if UE declares support of idle mode
inter-frequency measurement enhancement when **configured with**
*highSpeedMeasInterFreq-r17* in FR1; or table 4.2.2.4-2a if UE declares
support of idle mode inter-frequency measurement enhancement when
configured with *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* in FR2; else in table
4.2.2.4-1), provided that the reselection criteria is met by

\- the condition when performing equal priority reselection and

\- when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:

\- the cell is at least 5 dB better ranked in FR1 or 6.5 dB better
ranked in FR2 or.

\- when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:

\- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value in TS 38.304 \[1\] is within
*rangeToBestCell* of the cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest
ranked cell.

\- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank among
them

\- the cell is at least 5 dB better ranked in FR1 or 6.5 dB better
ranked in FR2 if the current serving cell is among them. or

\- 6 dB in FR1 or 7.5 dB in FR2 for SS-RSRP reselections based on
absolute priorities or

\- 4 dB in FR1 or 4 dB in FR2 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on absolute
priorities.

For an inter-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle shall be capable of evaluating that the
inter-frequency cell has met reselection criterion defined TS 38.304
\[1\] within K~carrier~ \* T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ when T~reselection~ = 0
as specified in table 4.2.2.4-3 and table 4.2.2.4-4, provided that the
reselection criteria is met by

\- the condition when performing equal priority reselection and

\- when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:

\- the cell is at least 5 dB better ranked in FR1 or 6.5 dB better
ranked in FR2 or.

\- when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:

\- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value in TS 38.304 \[1\] is within
*rangeToBestCell* of the cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest
ranked cell.

\- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank among
them

\- the cell is at least 5 dB better ranked in FR1 or 6.5 dB better
ranked in FR2 if the current serving cell is among them. or

\- 6 dB in FR1 or 7.5 dB in FR2 for SS-RSRP reselections based on
absolute priorities or

\- 4 dB in FR1 or 4 dB in FR2 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on absolute
priorities.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and inter-frequency cells.

If the T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and the inter-frequency
cell satisfies the reselection criteria, the UE shall evaluate this
inter-frequency cell for the T~reselection~ time. If this cell remains
satisfied with the reselection criteria within this duration, then the
UE shall reselect to this cell.

The UE is not expected to meet the measurement requirements for an
inter-frequency carrier under DRX cycle=320 ms defined in table
4.2.2.4-1 and table 4.2.2.4-2 under the following conditions:

\- T~SMTC\_intra~ = T~SMTC\_inter~ = 160 ms; where

\- T~SMTC\_intra~ is the periodicity of the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier if no identified intra-frequency cell is in the
PCI list of *smtc2-LP* on this intra-frequency carrier; T~SMTC\_intra~
is the periodicity of the *smtc2-LP* configured for the intra-frequency
carrier if at least one identified intra-frequency cell is in the PCI
list of *smtc2-LP* on this intra-frequency carrier. During PSS/SSS
detection, the periodicity of the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier is assumed for T~SMTC\_intra~. If the actual SSB
transmission periodicity is greater than the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier, longer T~detect,\ NR\_intra~ is expected.

\- T~SMTC\_inter~ is the actual SMTC periodicity used by the
inter-frequency cell being identified. During PSS/SSS detection, the
periodicity of the SMTC configured for the inter-frequency carrier is
assumed for T~SMTC\_inter~. If the actual SSB transmission periodicity
is greater than the SMTC configured for the inter-frequency carrier,
longer T~detect,\ NR\_inter~ is expected.

\- SMTC occasions configured for the inter-frequency carrier occur up to
1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms after the end of the SMTC occasions
configured for the intra-frequency carrier, and

\- SMTC occasions configured for the intra-frequency carrier and for the
inter-frequency carrier occur up to 1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms
after the end of the paging occasion in TS 38.304 \[1\].

For UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, T~detect,NR\_Inter,~
T~measure,NR\_\ Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter~ are specified in
Table 4.2.2.4.1-1 and 4.2.2.4.1-2.

For UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, T~detect,NR\_\ Inter,~
T~measure,NR\_\ Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter~ are specified in
table 4.2.2.4-3 and table 4.2.2.4-4 for FR1 and FR2 respectively. The
requirements apply provided that the serving cell is configured with
eDRX\_IDLE and the DRX cycle length is the same in all PTWs during any
of T~detect,NR\_Inter,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter~
when multiple PTWs are used.

**Table 4.2.2.4-1: T~detect,NR\_Inter,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~**

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **DRX   | **      | **T~det | *       | **      |         |         |
| cycle   | Scaling | ect,NR\ | *T~meas | T~evalu |         |         |
| length  | Factor  | _Inter~ | ure,NR\ | ate,NR\ |         |         |
| \[s\]** | (N1)**  | \[s\]   | _Inter~ | _Inter~ |         |         |
|         |         | (number | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |         |         |
|         |         | of DRX  | (number | (number |         |         |
|         |         | cy      | of DRX  | of DRX  |         |         |
|         |         | cles)** | cy      | cy      |         |         |
|         |         |         | cles)** | cles)** |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
|         | **FR1** | **      | **      |         |         |         |
|         |         | FR2-1^N | FR2-2** |         |         |         |
|         |         | ote1^** | ^Note2^ |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.32    | 1       | 8       | 12      | 11.52 x | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | N1 x    | N1 x    |
|         |         |         |         | 1.5 (36 | 1.5 (4  | 1.5 (16 |
|         |         |         |         | x N1 x  | x N1 x  | x N1 x  |
|         |         |         |         | 1.5)    | 1.5)    | 1.5)    |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.64    |         | 5       | 8       | 17.92x  | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 (28  | N1 (2 x | N1 (8 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1)   | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 1.28    |         | 4       | 6       | 32 x N1 | 1.28 x  | 6.4 x   |
|         |         |         |         | (25 x   | N1 (1 x | N1 (5 x |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 2.56    |         | 3       | 5       | 58.88 x | 2.56 x  | 7.68 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 (23  | N1 (1 x | N1 (3 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1)   | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 1, N1 = |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 12 for  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 4.2.2.4-2: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_HST,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter\_HST~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_HST~ **for FR1 configured with
*highSpeedMeasInterFreq-r17*** **^note2^**

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~detect,N     | T~measure,N    | T~evaluate,N   |
| length \[s\]   | R\_Inter\_HST~ | R\_Inter\_HST~ | R\_Inter\_HST~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.32           | 3.2 x M2 (10 x | 0.32 x M3      | 0.96 x M4 (3 x |
|                | M2) ^Note\ 1^  | (\[1\] x M3)   | M4) ^Note\ 1^  |
|                |                | ^Note\ 1^      |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 6.4 (10)       | 0.64 (1)       | 1.92 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 10.24 (8)      | 1.28 (1)       | 3.84 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 (23)     | 2.56 (1)       | 7.68 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: When   |                |                |                |
| SMTC \< = 40   |                |                |                |
| ms, M2 = M3 =  |                |                |                |
| M4 = 1; and    |                |                |                |
| when SMTC \>   |                |                |                |
| 40 ms, M2 =    |                |                |                |
| 1.5, M3 = M4 = |                |                |                |
| 2              |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: The    |                |                |                |
| support of HST |                |                |                |
| Idle mode      |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| nter-frequency |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| enhancement is |                |                |                |
| optional       |                |                |                |
| without        |                |                |                |
| capability     |                |                |                |
| signalling.    |                |                |                |
| The            |                |                |                |
| requirements   |                |                |                |
| apply to UE    |                |                |                |
| that declares  |                |                |                |
| support of     |                |                |                |
| IDLE mode      |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| nter-frequency |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| enhancement    |                |                |                |
| for HST in     |                |                |                |
| FR1, otherwise |                |                |                |
| table          |                |                |                |
| 4.2.2.4-1      |                |                |                |
| shall be used. |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.4-2a: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_HST,~ T~measure,\ NR\_Inter\_HST~
and T~evaluate,\ NR\_Inter\_HST~ for FR2 configured with
*highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17***^note2,\ note4^**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| DRX cycle   | Scaling     | T~          | T~mea       | T~eval      |
| length      | Factor (N1) | detect,NR\_ | sure,\ NR\_ | uate,\ NR\_ |
| \[s\]       |             | Inter\_HST~ | Inter\_HST~ | Inter\_HST~ |
|             |             | \[s\]       | \[s\]       | \[s\]       |
|             |             | (number of  | (number of  | (number of  |
|             |             | DRX cycles) | DRX cycles) | DRX cycles) |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| 0.32        | N1^Note3^   | 2.56 x N1 x | 0.32 x N1 x | 0.96 x N1 x |
|             |             | M2 (8 x N1  | M3 (1 x N1  | M4 (3 x N1  |
|             |             | x M2)       | x M3)       | x M4)       |
|             |             | ^Note1^     | ^Note1^     | ^Note1^     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 0.64        | 5           | 17.92 x N1  | 1.28 x N1   | 5.12 x N1   |
|             |             | (28 x N1)   | (2 x N1)    | (8 x N1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 1.28        | 4           | 32 x N1 (25 | 1.28 x N1   | 6.4 x N1 (5 |
|             |             | x N1)       | (1 x N1)    | x N1)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2.56        | 3           | 58.88 x N1  | 2.56 x N1   | 7.68 x N1   |
|             |             | (23 x N1)   | (1 x N1)    | (3 x N1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1:     |             |             |             |             |
| When SMTC   |             |             |             |             |
| \< = 40 ms, |             |             |             |             |
| M2 = M3 =   |             |             |             |             |
| M4 = 1; and |             |             |             |             |
| when SMTC   |             |             |             |             |
| \> 40 ms,   |             |             |             |             |
| M2 = 1.5,   |             |             |             |             |
| M3 = M4 = 2 |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: The |             |             |             |             |
| r           |             |             |             |             |
| equirements |             |             |             |             |
| apply to UE |             |             |             |             |
| that        |             |             |             |             |
| declares    |             |             |             |             |
| support of  |             |             |             |             |
| idle mode   |             |             |             |             |
| inte        |             |             |             |             |
| r-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| measurement |             |             |             |             |
| enhancement |             |             |             |             |
| for HST in  |             |             |             |             |
| FR2,        |             |             |             |             |
| otherwise   |             |             |             |             |
| table       |             |             |             |             |
| 4.2.2.4-1   |             |             |             |             |
| shall be    |             |             |             |             |
| used.       |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 3: N1  |             |             |             |             |
| = 2 when    |             |             |             |             |
| *high       |             |             |             |             |
| SpeedMeasFl |             |             |             |             |
| agFR2-r17*= |             |             |             |             |
| set1, N1 =  |             |             |             |             |
| 6 when      |             |             |             |             |
| *high       |             |             |             |             |
| SpeedMeasFl |             |             |             |             |
| agFR2-r17*= |             |             |             |             |
| set2.       |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 4: The |             |             |             |             |
| r           |             |             |             |             |
| equirements |             |             |             |             |
| apply for   |             |             |             |             |
| the HST     |             |             |             |             |
| Idle mode   |             |             |             |             |
| inte        |             |             |             |             |
| r-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| measurement |             |             |             |             |
| enhancement |             |             |             |             |
| only if     |             |             |             |             |
| hi          |             |             |             |             |
| ghSpeedMeas |             |             |             |             |
| FlagFR2-r17 |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| signalled   |             |             |             |             |
| in SIB1.    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 4.2.2.4-3: T~detect,NR\_Inter,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency
range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | **T~de   | **T~meas | *        |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | tect,NR\ | ure,NR\_ | *T~evalu |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | _Inter\  | Inter~** | ate,NR\_ |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | ~**\[s\] | \[s\]    | Inter~** |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | (number  | (number  | \[s\]    |
|          |          | s        | of DRX   | of DRX   | (number  |
|          |          | periods) | cycles   | cycles   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | **or     | **or     | cycles   |
|          |          |          | eDRX     | eDRX     | **or     |
|          |          |          | cycles   | cycles   | eDRX     |
|          |          |          | ^Not     | ^Not     | cycles   |
|          |          |          | e\ 3^**) | e\ 3^**) | ^Not     |
|          |          |          |          |          | e\ 3^**) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     | \-       | \-       | 58.88    | 2.56 (1) | 7.68 (3) |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 5.12     | \-       | \-       | 117.76   | 5.12 (1) | 10.24    |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 10.24    | \-       | \-       | 235.52   | 10.24    | 20.48    |
|          |          |          | (23)     | (1)      | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | $$       | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (1)      | \text{eD | 1.5 (1 x | 1.5 (2 x |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | RX}\_\te | 1.5)     | 1.5)     |
| cycle    |          |          | xt{cycl} |          |          |
| length   |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          | th \time |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | s \left\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | lceil \f |          |          |
|          |          |          | rac{23}{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | PTW/DRX\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | _ cycle\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | _ length |          |          |
|          |          |          | } \right |          |          |
|          |          |          | \rceil$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | \(23\)   |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | (2)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | (4)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs,    |          |          |          |          |          |
| when PTW |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| con      |          |          |          |          |          |
| figured. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of eDRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| when     |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.56 s,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 5.12 s   |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10.24 s. |          |          |          |          |          |
| Ot       |          |          |          |          |          |
| herwise, |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles.  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,NR\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Inter* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2.2.4-4: T~detect,NR\_Inter,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency
range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **      | **T     | **T~    |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | T~detec | ~measur | evaluat |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | t,NR\_I | e,NR\_I | e,NR\_I |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | nter~** | nter~** | nter~** |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | s       |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         | p       |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         | eriods) |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | **or    | **or    | **or    |
|         |         |         |         | eDRX    | eDRX    | eDRX    |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | ^Note   | ^Note   | ^Note   |
|         |         |         |         | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 2.56    | \-      | \-      | 3       | 58.88 x | 2.56 x  | 7.68 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 (23  | N1 (1 x | N1 (3 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1)   | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 5.12    | \-      | \-      | 3       | 117.76  | 5.12 x  | 10.24 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1    | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | N1)     | N1)     |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 10.24   | \-      | \-      | 3       | 235.52  | 10.24 x | 20.48 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1    | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | N1)     | N1)     |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥5.12   | 8       | $$\t    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (4)     |         | ext{eDR | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | X}\_\te | N1)     | N1)     |
| cycle   |         |         |         | xt{cycl |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | }e\_ le |         |         |
| ≤1      |         |         |         | ngth \t |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         | imes \l |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eft\lce |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | il \fra |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | c{23 \t |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | imes N1 |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | }{PTW/D |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | RX\_ cy |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | cle\_ l |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ength}  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \right\ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | rceil$$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥6.4    | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (5)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥10.24  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (8)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | ≥15.36  | 3       |         | 2.56 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         | (12)    |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| when    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW is  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| conf    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| igured. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of eDRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| when    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equals  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2.56 s, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 5.12 s  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| and     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10.24   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s.      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Oth     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erwise, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of *PTW |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on*     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\l     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eft\lce |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| il \fra |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c{Teval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uate,NR |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ Inte |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| r*DRX\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  cycle} |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {1.28}  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \right\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rceil*1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .28$*.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *NOTE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6: When |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X=20.48 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s and   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| D       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RX=0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| allowed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| perform |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| every 2 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ycles.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

For any requirement in this section, when the UE transitions between any
two states when being configured with eDRX\_IDLE, changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, or changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the
transition requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the
two requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 4.2.2.5 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells

If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
UE shall search for inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers of higher priority at least
every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2.2.

If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the UE
shall search for and measure inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers of higher, lower
priority in preparation for possible reselection. In this scenario, the
minimum rate at which the UE is required to search for and measure
higher priority inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers shall be the same as that
defined below for lower priority RATs.

The requirements in this clause apply to inter-RAT E-UTRAN FDD
measurements and E-UTRA TDD measurements. When the measurement rules
indicate that inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells are to be measured, the UE shall
measure RSRP and RSRQ of detected E-UTRA cells in the neighbour
frequency list at the minimum measurement rate specified in this clause.

The parameter N~EUTRA\_carrier~ is the total number of configured E-UTRA
carriers indicated to meet non high speed requirements in the neighbour
frequency list. The parameter N~EUTRA\_carrier\_HST~ is the total number
of configured E-UTRA carriers indicated to meet high speed requirements
in the neighbour frequency list. If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal
≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, an inter-RAT E-UTRAN layer is indicated to meet
high speed requirements if *highSpeedMeasFlag-r16* is configured and the
carrier to be measured is configured with *highSpeedEUTRACarrier-r16*
and UE supports the enhanced inter-RAT E-UTRAN measurement requirements.
If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, UE is
required to meet non high speed requirements no matter whether
*highSpeedMeasFlag-r16* or *highSpeedEUTRACarrier-r16* is configured or
not.

For a UE configured with *highSpeedMeasFlag-r16*, and configured with
relaxed measurement criterion (*lowMobilityEvaluation* or both
*lowMobilityEvaluation* and *cellEdgeEvaluation*),

\- if the relaxed measurement criteria in section 4.2.2.9.2 are
fulfilled, it is up to UE implementation whether to apply the relaxed
measurements requirements specified in clause 4.2.2.11.2 or high speed
requirements specified in this clause

\- otherwise, high speed requirements specified in this clause shall
apply

The parameter N~EUTRA\_carrier~ for a UE configured with idle mode DC
measurements (while T331 is running), is the combined number of
configured E-UTRA carriers in the neighbour frequency list and E-UTRA
carriers configured for idle mode DC measurements, excluding the
configured E-UTRA carriers indicated to meet high speed requirements in
the neighbour frequency list.

NOTE: combined total number means that if a carrier is an E-UTRA carrier
indicated by the serving cell for mobility and additionally a carrier
configured for idle mode DC measurements, it only counts as one carrier.

The UE shall filter RSRP and RSRQ measurements of each measured E-UTRA
cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used
for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by at least
half the minimum specified measurement period.

An inter-RAT E-UTRA cell is considered to be detectable provided the
following conditions are fulfilled:

\- the same conditions as for inter-frequency RSRP measurements
specified in TS 36.133 \[15, Annex B.1.2\] are fulfilled for a
corresponding Band, and

\- the same conditions as for inter-frequency RSRQ measurements
specified in TS 36.133 \[15, Annex B.1.2\] are fulfilled for a
corresponding Band.

\- SCH conditions specified in TS 36.133 \[15, Annex B.1.2\] are
fulfilled for a corresponding Band

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable inter-RAT
E-UTRAN cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]
within N~EUTRA\_carrier\_HST~ \* T~detect,EUTRAN\_HST~ +
N~EUTRA\_carrier~ \* T~detect,EUTRAN~ when Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~
or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ when T~reselection~ = 0 provided that the
reselection criteria is met by a margin of at least 6dB for RSRP
reselections based on absolute priorities or 4dB for RSRQ reselections
based on absolute priorities.

Cells which have been detected shall be measured at least every
N~EUTRA\_carrier\_HST~ \* T~measure,EUTRAN\_HST~ + N~EUTRA\_carrier~ \*
T~measure,EUTRAN~ when Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤
S~nonIntraSearchQ~.

When higher priority cells are found by the higher priority search, they
shall be measured at least every T~measure,EUTRAN~. If, after detecting
a cell in a higher priority search, it is determined that reselection
has not occurred then the UE is not required to continuously measure the
detected cell to evaluate the ongoing possibility of reselection.
However, the minimum measurement filtering requirements specified later
in this clause shall still be met by the UE before it makes any
determination that it may stop measuring the cell.

If the UE detects, on an inter-RAT E-UTRAN carrier, a cell whose
physical identity is indicated as not allowed for that carrier in the
measurement control system information of the serving cell, the UE is
not required to perform measurements on that cell.

The UE shall not consider an inter-RAT E-UTRA cell in cell reselection,
if it is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For a cell that has been already detected, but has not been reselected
to, the filtering shall be such that a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle shall be capable of evaluating that an already identified
inter-RAT E-UTRA cell has met reselection criterion defined in TS 38.304
\[1\] within N~EUTRA\_carrier\_HST~ \* T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_HST~ +
N~EUTRA\_carrier~ \* T ~evaluate,EUTRAN~ when T~reselection~ = 0 as
specified in table 4.2.2.5-1 and 4.2.2.5-2 provided that the reselection
criteria is met by a margin of at least 6dB for RSRP reselections based
on absolute priorities or 4dB for RSRQ reselections based on absolute
priorities.

For a cell that has been already detected, but that has not been
reselected to, the filtering shall be such that a UE configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle shall be capable of evaluating that an already
identified inter-RAT E-UTRA cell has met reselection criterion defined
in TS 38.304 \[1\] within N~EUTRA\_carrier~ \* T ~evaluate,EUTRAN~ when
T~reselection~ = 0 as specified in table 4.2.2.5-3 provided that the
reselection criteria is met by a margin of at least 6dB for RSRP
reselections based on absolute priorities or 4dB for RSRQ reselections
based on absolute priorities.

If the T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and an inter-RAT E-UTRA
cell satisfies the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], the
UE shall evaluate this E-UTRA cell for the T~reselection~ time. If this
cell remains satisfied with the reselection criteria within this
duration, then the UE shall reselect to this cell.

For UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, T~detect,EUTRAN,~
T~measure,EUTRAN~ and T~evaluate,\ E-UTRAN~ are specified in tables
4.2.2.5-1 and 4.2.2.5-2.

For UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, T~detect,EUTRAN,~
T~measure,EUTRAN~ and T~evaluate,\ E-UTRAN~ are specified in table
4.2.2.5-3, where the requirements apply provided that the serving cell
is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and the DRX cycle length is the same in
all PTWs during any of T~detect,EUTRAN,~ T~measure,EUTRAN~ and
T~evaluate,\ E-UTRAN~ when multiple PTWs are used.

Table 4.2.2.5-1: T~detect,EUTRAN~, T~measure,EUTRAN,~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN~

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~             | T~m            | T~ev           |
| length \[s\]   | detect,EUTRAN~ | easure,EUTRAN~ | aluate,EUTRAN~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0.32           | 11.52 (36)     | 1.28 (4)       | 5.12 (16)      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 (28)     | 1.28 (2)       | 5t             |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32(25)         | 1.28 (1)       | 6.4 (5)        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 (23)     | 2.56 (1)       | 7.68 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.5-2: T~detect,EUTRAN\_HST~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_HST,~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_HST~ for UE configured with highSpeedMeasFlag-r16

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~dete         | T~measur       | T~evaluat      |
| length \[s\]   | ct,EURAN\_HST~ | e,EUTRAN\_HST~ | e,EUTRAN\_HST~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.32           | 4.16 (13)      | 0.64 (2)       | 0.96 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 7.68 (12)      | 1.28 (2)       | 1.92 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 8.96 (7)       | 1.28 (1)       | 3.84 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 (23)     | 2.56 (1)       | 7.68 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: When   |                |                |                |
| highSpe        |                |                |                |
| edMeasFlag-r16 |                |                |                |
| is configured, |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| requirements   |                |                |                |
| apply only to  |                |                |                |
| UE supporting  |                |                |                |
| either         |                |                |                |
| *measurementEn |                |                |                |
| hancement-r16* |                |                |                |
| or             |                |                |                |
| *\[interRAT-Me |                |                |                |
| asurementEnhan |                |                |                |
| cement-r16\]*. |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

The requirements in table 4.2.2.5-2 apply only when the UE supports
*measurementEnhancement-r16* or *interRAT-MeasurementEnhancement-r16*.
For UE not supporting either *measurementEnhancement-r16* or
*interRAT-MeasurementEnhancement-r16*, the UE is not required to meet
the requirements specified in table 4.2.2.5-2.

Table 4.2.2.5-3: T~detect,EUTRAN~, T~measure,EUTRAN,~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~detect | T        | T~e      |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | ,EUTRAN~ | ~measure | valuate, |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | ,EUTRAN~ | E-UTRAN~ |
| length   | \[s\]    | (*       | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
| \[s\]    |          | **number | of DRX   | (number  | \[s\]    |
|          |          | of 1.28  | or eDRX  | of DRX   | (number  |
|          |          | s        | cycles   | or eDRX  | of DRX   |
|          |          | per      | ^N       | cycles   | or eDRX  |
|          |          | iods***) | ote\ 3^) | ^N       | cycles   |
|          |          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ^N       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ote\ 3^) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     | N/A      | N/A      | 58.88    | 2.56 (1) | 7.68 (3) |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 5.12     | N/A      | N/A      | 117.76   | 5.12 (1) | 10.24    |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 10.24    | N/A      | N/A      | 235.52   | 10.24    | 20.48    |
|          |          |          | (23)     | (1)      | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | \(23\)   | 0.32 (1) | 0.64 (2) |
| eD       |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | (2)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | (4)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs,    |          |          |          |          |          |
| when PTW |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| con      |          |          |          |          |          |
| figured. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of eDRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| when     |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.56 s,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 5.12 s,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| or 10.24 |          |          |          |          |          |
| s;       |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ot       |          |          |          |          |          |
| herwise. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\  |          |          |          |          |          |
| lceil \f |          |          |          |          |          |
| rac{Teva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luate,E  |          |          |          |          |          |
| - UTRAN* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| *NOTE 5: |          |          |          |          |          |
| When     |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX=20.48 |          |          |          |          |          |
| s and    |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX=0.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| s, UE is |          |          |          |          |          |
| allowed  |          |          |          |          |          |
| to       |          |          |          |          |          |
| perform  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ev       |          |          |          |          |          |
| aluation |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| every 2  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles.* |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

For any requirement in this section, when the UE transitions between any
two states when being configured with eDRX\_IDLE, changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, or changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the
transition requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the
two requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 4.2.2.6 Maximum interruption in paging reception

UE shall perform the cell re-selection with minimum interruption in
monitoring downlink channels for paging reception. In addition, when the
UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, the UE shall not miss any paging
in a PTW provided the paging is sent in at least 2 DRX cycles before the
end of that PTW.

At intra-frequency and inter-frequency cell re-selection, the UE shall
monitor the downlink of serving cell for paging reception until the UE
is capable to start monitoring downlink channels of the target
intra-frequency and inter-frequency cell for paging reception. The
interruption time shall not exceed T~SI-NR~ +
2\*T~target\_cell\_SMTC\_period~ ms. T~target\_cell\_SMTC\_period~ is
the periodicity of the SMTC occasions configured for the target NR cell.
If the target cell is in the PCI list of *smtc2-LP*, the SMTC
periodicity follows *smtc2-LP*; otherwise, the SMTC periodicity follows
*smtc*.

At inter-RAT cell re-selection, the UE shall monitor the downlink of
serving cell for paging reception until the UE is capable to start
monitoring downlink channels for paging reception of the target
inter-RAT cell. For NR to E-UTRAN cell re-selection the interruption
time must not exceed T~SI-EUTRA~ + 55 ms.

T~SI-NR~ is the time required for receiving all the relevant system
information data according to the reception procedure and the RRC
procedure delay of system information blocks defined in TS 38.331 \[2\]
for an NR cell.

T~SI-EUTRA~ is the time required for receiving all the relevant system
information data according to the reception procedure and the RRC
procedure delay of system information blocks defined in TS 36.331 \[16\]
for an E-UTRAN cell.

These requirements assume sufficient radio conditions, so that decoding
of system information can be made without errors and does not take into
account cell re-selection failure.

#### 4.2.2.7 General requirements

When configured with eDRX\_IDLE, the UE shall search every layer of
higher priority at least every T~higher\_priority\_search~, where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is defined as follows:

\- T~higher\_priority\_search~ = max(60, 15\*eDRX\_IDLE cycle length) \*
N~layers~ seconds if eDRX\_IDLE cycle ≤ 10.24 s,

\- T~higher\_priority\_search~ = max(60, ceil
(15/N~DRX-PTW~)\*eDRX\_IDLE cycle length) \* N~layers~ seconds if
eDRX\_IDLE cycle \> 10.24 s, where N~DRX-PTW~ is the number of DRX
cycles within a single PTW.

Otherwise, if the UE is not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, the UE
shall search every layer of higher priority at least every
T~higher\_priority\_search~ = (60 \* N~layers~) seconds.

N~layers~ is the total number of higher priority NR and E-UTRA carrier
frequencies broadcasted in system information.

For a UE configured with early measurement reporting, while T331 is
running, Nlayers is the combined total number of higher priority NR and
E-UTRA carrier frequencies broadcasted in system information and
carriers configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements.

NOTE: Combined total number means that if a carrier is a high priority
carrier and additionally a carrier configured for idle mode CA/DC
measurements, it only counts as one carrier.

#### 4.2.2.8 Minimum requirement at transitions

When switching from low mobility scenario or not-at-cell-edge scenario
to low mobility and not-at-cell-edge scenario during cell-reselection
period, the UE shall fulfill the requirements corresponding to low
mobility scenario or not-at-cell-edge scenario over measurement period
(T~relaxed~) and thereafter switch to requirements corresponding to low
mobility and not-at-cell-edge scenario. The measurement period,
T~relaxed~, is any of:

\- T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra,~ defined in section
4.2.2.9 for intra-frequency measurements on NR cells,

\- T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ defined in section
4.2.2.10 for inter-frequency measurements on NR cells and

\- T~measure,EUTRAN~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN~ defined in sections 4.2.2.11
for inter-RAT E-UTRAN measurements.

When switching from low mobility and not-at-cell-edge scenario to low
mobility scenario or not-at-cell-edge scenario during cell-reselection
period, the UE shall fulfill the requirements corresponding to low
mobility scenario or not-at-cell-edge scenario upon fulfilling the
switching criteria.

When switching from normal mode to low mobility scenario or
not-at-cell-edge scenario or low mobility and not-at-cell-edge scenario
during cell-reselection period, the UE shall fulfill the requirements
corresponding to normal mode over measurement period (T~normal~) and
thereafter switch to requirements corresponding to low mobility scenario
or not-at-cell-edge scenario or low mobility and not-at-cell-edge
scenario. The measurement period, T~normal~, is any of:

\- T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra,~ defined in section
4.2.2.3 for intra-frequency measurements on NR cells,

\- T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ defined in section
4.2.2.4 for inter-frequency measurements on NR cells and

\- T~measure,EUTRAN~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN~ defined in sections 4.2.2.5
for inter-RAT E-UTRAN measurements.

When switching from low mobility scenario or not-at-cell-edge scenario
or low mobility and not-at-cell-edge scenario to normal mode during
cell-reselection period, the UE shall fulfill the requirements
corresponding to normal mode upon fulfilling the switching criteria.

No requirement is defined for multiple transitions of scenarios within
one measurement period.

#### 4.2.2.9 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

##### 4.2.2.9.1 Introduction

This clause contains the requirements for measurements on
intra-frequency NR cells when Srxlev ≤ S~IntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤
S~IntraSearchQ~ and when the UE is configured any of the following
relaxed measurement criteria:

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE with low mobility defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.1 in \[1\],

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE not-at-cell edge defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.2 in \[1\],

\- Both low mobility criterion and not-at-cell edge criterion as defined
in clauses 5.2.4.9.1 and 5.2.4.9.2 in \[1\] respectively.

##### 4.2.2.9.2 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is only configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and UE has fulfilled the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled only the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

The requirements defined in clause 4.2.2.3 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE, T~detect,NR\_Intra~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ are as specified in table
4.2.2.9.2-1.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ are
as specified in table 4.2.2.9.2-2 and table 4.2.2.9.2-3 for FR1 and FR2,
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ are
as specified in table 4.2.2.9.2-4 and table 4.2.2.9.2-5 for FR1 and FR2,
respectively, provided eDRX cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement period with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW length.

Table 4.2.2.9.2-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| DRX     | Scaling | T~det   | T~meas  | T~evalu |         |         |
| cycle   | Factor  | ect,NR\ | ure,NR\ | ate,NR\ |         |         |
| length  | (N1)    | _Intra~ | _Intra~ | _Intra~ |         |         |
| \[s\]   |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |         |         |         |
|         |         | (number | (number | \[s\]   |         |         |
|         |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | (number |         |         |
|         |         | cycles) | cycles) | of DRX  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | cycles) |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
|         | FR1     | FR2-1   | FR2-2   |         |         |         |
|         |         | ^Note1^ | ^Note2^ |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.32    | 1       | 8       | 12      | 11.52 x | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x M2 | N1 x M2 | N1 x M2 |
|         |         |         |         | x K1    | x K1 (4 | x K1    |
|         |         |         |         | (36 x   | x N1 x  | (16 x   |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x M2 | M2 x    | N1 x M2 |
|         |         |         |         | x K1)   | K1)     | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.64    |         | 5       | 8       | 17.92 x | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (28 x   | (2 x N1 | (8 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 1.28    |         | 4       | 6       | 32 x N1 | 1.28 x  | 6.4 x   |
|         |         |         |         | x K1    | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (25 x   | (1 x N1 | (5 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 2.56    |         | 3       | 5       | 58.88 x | 2.56 x  | 7.68 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | (1 x N1 | (3 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 1, N1 = |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 12 for  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| M2 =    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 1.5 if  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SMTC    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| peri    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| odicity |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| m       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| easured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| i       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ntra-fr |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equency |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell \> |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 20 ms;  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ot      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| herwise |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| M2=1.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| If high |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| layer   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sig     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| nalling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *smtc2- |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| LP-r16* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| conf    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| igured, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cells   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| dicated |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *pc     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| i-List* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pa      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rameter |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| smtc2-L |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| P-r16*, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SMTC    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| peri    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| odicity |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| value   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| higher  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| layer   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pa      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rameter |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| smtc2-L |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| P-r16*; |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| other   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cells,  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SMTC    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| peri    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| odicity |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| value   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| higher  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| layer   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pa      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rameter |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *smtc*. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *l      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| owMobil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ityEval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uation* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 4.2.2.9.2-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency
range FR1) for eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24s

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~det          | T~meas         | T~evalu        |
| cycle length   | ect,NR\_Intra~ | ure,NR\_Intra~ | ate,NR\_Intra~ |
| \[s\]          | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x K1    | 5.12 x K1 (1 x | 10.24 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | K1)            | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x K1    | 10.24 x K1 (1  | 20.48 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | x K1)          | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobil      |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.9.2-3: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency
range FR2-1) for eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24s

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~det          | T~meas         | T~evalu        |
| cycle length   | ect,NR\_Intra~ | ure,NR\_Intra~ | ate,NR\_Intra~ |
| \[s\]          | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x N1 x   | 2.56 x N1 x K1 | 7.68 x N1 x K1 |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | (3 x N1 x K1)  |
|                | K1)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x N1 x  | 5.12 x N1 x K1 | 10.24 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            |                | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x N1 x  | 10.24 x N1 x   | 20.48 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | K1 (1 x N1 x   | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: For UE |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| FR2-1 power    |                |                |                |
| class 2&3&4,   |                |                |                |
| N1 = 3. For UE |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| FR2-1 power    |                |                |                |
| class 1 or 5,  |                |                |                |
| N1 = 8.        |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobil      |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.9.2-4: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater
than 10.24s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~d      | T~me     | T~eva    |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | etect,NR | asure,NR | luate,NR |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | \_Intra~ | \_Intra~ | \_Intra~ |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          | s        | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          | periods) | cycles   | cycles   | cycles^N |
|          |          |          | ^N       | ^N       | ote\ 3^) |
|          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | eDRX}\_\ | M2 x K1  | M2 x K1  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | text{cyc | (1 x M2  | (2 x M2  |
| cycle    |          |          | l}e\_ le | x K1)    | x K1)    |
| length   |          |          | ngth \ti |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
|          |          |          | }{PTW/DR |          |          |
|          |          |          | X\_ cycl |          |          |
|          |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th} \rig |          |          |
|          |          |          | ht\rceil |          |          |
|          |          |          |  x\ K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,NR\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Intra* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2.2.9.2-5: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater
than 10.24s (Frequency range FR2-1)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **      | **T     | **T~    |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | T~detec | ~measur | evaluat |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | t,NR\_I | e,NR\_I | e,NR\_I |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | **^N    | ntra~** | ntra~** | ntra~** |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 | ote1^** | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | s       |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         | p       |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         | eriods) |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | **^Note | **^Note | **^Note |
|         |         |         |         | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥15.36  | 8       | K1 x    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (12)    |         | $\      | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | text{eD | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | RX}\_\t | x K1)   | x K1)   |
| length  |         |         |         | ext{cyc |         |         |
| ≤\[1    |         |         |         | l}e\_ l |         |         |
| 63.84\] |         |         |         | ength \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | left\lc |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eil \fr |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ac{23 \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times N |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | 1}{PTW/ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | DRX\_ c |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ycle\_  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | length} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |  \right |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \rceil$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥19.2   | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (15)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥30.72  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (24)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | 40.96   | 3       |         | 20.48   | 40.96   |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of PTW  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \left\l |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ceil \f |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rac{Tev |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| aluate, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NR\_ In |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| tra*DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ cycl |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| e}{1.28 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| } \righ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\rceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *1.28$. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| In this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| case    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| next    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| av      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ailable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lowMobi |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lityEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

##### 4.2.2.9.3 Measurements for UE fulfilling not-at-cell edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is only configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
UE has fulfilled the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled only the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

The requirements defined in clause 4.2.2.3 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE, T~detect,NR\_Intra~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ are as specified in table
4.2.2.9.3-1.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ are
as specified in T~measure,NR\_Intra~ as specified in table 4.2.2.9.3-2
and table 4.2.2.9.3-3 for FR1 and FR2, respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ are
as specified in table 4.2.2.9.3-4 and table 4.2.2.9.3-5 for FR1 and FR2,
respectively, provided eDRX cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement period with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW length.

Table 4.2.2.9.3-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| DRX     | Scaling | T~det   | T~meas  | T~evalu |         |         |
| cycle   | Factor  | ect,NR\ | ure,NR\ | ate,NR\ |         |         |
| length  | (N1)    | _Intra~ | _Intra~ | _Intra~ |         |         |
| \[s\]   |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |         |         |         |
|         |         | (number | (number | \[s\]   |         |         |
|         |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | (number |         |         |
|         |         | cycles) | cycles) | of DRX  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | cycles) |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
|         | FR1     | FR2-1   | FR2-2   |         |         |         |
|         |         | ^Note1^ | ^Note2^ |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.32    | 1       | 8       | 12      | 11.52 x | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x M2 | N1 x M2 | N1 x M2 |
|         |         |         |         | x K1    | x K1 (4 | x K1    |
|         |         |         |         | (36 x   | x N1 x  | (16 x   |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x M2 | M2 x    | N1 x M2 |
|         |         |         |         | x K1)   | K1)     | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.64    |         | 5       | 8       | 17.92 x | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (28 x   | (2 x N1 | (8 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 1.28    |         | 4       | 6       | 32 x N1 | 1.28 x  | 6.4 x   |
|         |         |         |         | x K1    | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (25 x   | (1 x N1 | (5 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 2.56    |         | 3       | 5       | 58.88 x | 2.56 x  | 7.68 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | (1 x N1 | (3 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 1, N1 = |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 12 for  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| M2 =    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 1.5 if  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SMTC    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| peri    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| odicity |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| m       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| easured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| i       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ntra-fr |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equency |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell \> |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 20 ms;  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ot      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| herwise |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| M2=1.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| If high |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| layer   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sig     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| nalling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *smtc2- |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| LP-r16* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| conf    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| igured, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cells   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| dicated |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *pc     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| i-List* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pa      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rameter |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| smtc2-L |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| P-r16*, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SMTC    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| peri    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| odicity |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| value   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| higher  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| layer   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pa      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rameter |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| smtc2-L |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| P-r16*; |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| other   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cells,  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SMTC    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| peri    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| odicity |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| value   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| higher  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| layer   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pa      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rameter |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *smtc*. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *cellE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| dgeEval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uation* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 4.2.2.9.3-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency
range FR1) for eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24 s

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~det          | T~meas         | T~evalu        |
| cycle length   | ect,NR\_Intra~ | ure,NR\_Intra~ | ate,NR\_Intra~ |
| \[s\]          | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x K1    | 5.12 x K1 (1 x | 10.24 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | K1)            | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x K1    | 10.24 x K1 (1  | 20.48 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | x K1)          | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.9.3-3: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency
range FR2) for eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24 s

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~det          | T~meas         | T~evalu        |
| cycle length   | ect,NR\_Intra~ | ure,NR\_Intra~ | ate,NR\_Intra~ |
| \[s\]          | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x N1 x   | 2.56 x N1 x K1 | 7.68 x N1 x K1 |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x K1)       | (3 x N1 x K1)  |
|                | K1)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x N1 x  | 5.12 x N1 x K1 | 10.24 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            |                | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x N1 x  | 10.24 x N1 x   | 20.48 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | K1 (1 x N1 x   | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: For UE |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| FR2-1 power    |                |                |                |
| class 2&3&4,   |                |                |                |
| N1 = 3. For UE |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| FR2-1 power    |                |                |                |
| class 1 or 5,  |                |                |                |
| N1 = 8 for all |                |                |                |
| DRX cycle      |                |                |                |
| length.        |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: Void   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.9.3-4: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater
than 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~d      | T~me     | T~eva    |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | etect,NR | asure,NR | luate,NR |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | \_Intra~ | \_Intra~ | \_Intra~ |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          | s        | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          | periods) | cycles^N | cycles^N | cycles^N |
|          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | eDRX}\_\ | M2 x K1  | M2 x K1  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | text{cyc | (1 x M2  | (2 x M2  |
| cycle    |          |          | l}e\_ le | x K1)    | x K1)    |
| length   |          |          | ngth \ti |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
|          |          |          | }{PTW/DR |          |          |
|          |          |          | X\_ cycl |          |          |
|          |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th} \rig |          |          |
|          |          |          | ht\rceil |          |          |
|          |          |          |  x\ K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| rrespond |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,NR\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Intra* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2.2.9.3-5: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater
than 10.24 s (Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **      | **T     | **T~    |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | T~detec | ~measur | evaluat |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | t,NR\_I | e,NR\_I | e,NR\_I |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | ntra~** | ntra~** | ntra~** |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | s       |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         | p       |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         | eriods) |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | **^Note | **^Note | **^Note |
|         |         |         |         | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥15.36  | 8       | K1 x    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (12)    |         | $\      | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | text{eD | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | RX}\_\t | x K1)   | x K1)   |
| length  |         |         |         | ext{cyc |         |         |
| ≤\[1    |         |         |         | l}e\_ l |         |         |
| 63.84\] |         |         |         | ength \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | left\lc |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eil \fr |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ac{23 \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times N |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | 1}{PTW/ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | DRX\_ c |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ycle\_  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | length} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |  \right |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \rceil$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥19.2   | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (15)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥30.72  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (24)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | 40.96   | 3       |         | 20.48   | 40.96   |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of PTW  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \left\l |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ceil \f |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rac{Tev |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| aluate, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NR\_ In |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| tra*DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ cycl |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| e}{1.28 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| } \righ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\rceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *1.28$. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| In this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| case    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| next    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| av      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ailable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *cell   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| EdgeEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

##### 4.2.2.9.4 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell edge criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and

\- both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\]
criteria are fulfilled, and

\- less than 1 hour have passed since measurements for cell reselection
were last performed

In this case the UE is not required to meet T~detect,NR\_Intra,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ as defined in table
4.2.2.3-1 or table 4.2.2.3-4 or table 4.2.2.3-5.

#### 4.2.2.10 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

##### 4.2.2.10.1 Introduction

This clause contains the requirements for measurements on
inter-frequency NR cells when the UE is configured with any of following
relaxed measurement criteria:

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE with low mobility defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.1 in \[1\],

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE not-at-cell edge defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.2 in \[1\],

\- Both low mobility criterion and not-at-cell edge criterion as defined
in clauses 5.2.4. 9.1 and 5.2.4.9.2 in \[1\] respectively.

##### 4.2.2.10.2 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- T331 timer is not running for EMR measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN,
and

\- UE is only configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and UE has fulfilled the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] and
*cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criteria and *combineRelaxedMeasCondition*
\[2\] is not configured, and UE has fulfilled only the
*lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

The UE shall not relax measurements on NR inter-frequency carriers
configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements (defined in clause 4.4)
while T331 is running.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements are defined as follows:

\- The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
inter-frequency NR cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS
38.304 \[1\] within N~carrier\_Relax~ \* T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ +
N~carrier\_Non\_relax~ \* T~detect,NR\_Inter~. Cells which have been
detected shall be measured at least every N~carrier\_Relax~ \*
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ + N~carrier\_Non\_relax~ \*
T~measure,NR\_Inter.~ The UE shall be able to evaluate that an already
identified inter-frequency NR cell has met reselection criterion defined
in TS 38.304 \[1\] within N~carrier\_Relax~
\*T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ + N~carrier\_Non\_relax~ \*
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~.

\- When T331 is running,

\- The parameter N~carrier\_Relax~ is the total number of NR
inter-frequency carriers not configured for idle mode CA/DC
measurements.

\- The parameter N~carrier\_Non\_relax~ is the total number of NR
inter-frequency carriers configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements.

\- When T331 is not running,

\- The parameter N~carrier\_Relax~ is the total number of
inter-frequency carriers configured for mobility measurements only and
the number of inter-frequency carriers configured for both mobility
measurement and idle mode CA/DC measurements.

\- The parameter N~carrier\_Non\_relax~ =0.

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE, T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ are as
specified in table 4.2.2.10.2-1 and T~detect,NR\_Inter,~
T~measure,NR\_\ Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter~ are as specified in
table 4.2.2.4.1-1.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE, T~detect,NR\_Inter~,
T~measure,NR\_\ Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter~ are as specified in
table 4.2.2.4-3 and table 4.2.2.4-4 for FR1 and FR2 respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ are as specified in table 4.2.2.10.2-2 and
table 4.2.2.10.2-3 for FR1 and FR2, respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ are as specified in table 4.2.2.10.2-4 and
table 4.2.2.10.2-5 for FR1 and FR2, respectively, provided eDRX cycle is
≤ \[163.84\] sec and evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one
carrier is not greater than single PTW length.

When UE is only configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and UE has fulfilled the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and
Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ,~

\- if the UE is configured with *highPriorityMeasRelax* \[2\] then the
UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at least
every K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~
is described in clause 4.2.2.7 and, K2 = 60

\- otherwise, the UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher
priority at least every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2.2.7.

Table 4.2.2.10.2-1: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **DRX   | **      | **T~det | *       | **      |         |         |
| cycle   | Scaling | ect,NR\ | *T~meas | T~evalu |         |         |
| length  | Factor  | _Inter\ | ure,NR\ | ate,NR\ |         |         |
| \[s\]** | (N1)**  | _Relax~ | _Inter\ | _Inter\ |         |         |
|         |         | \[s\]   | _Relax~ | _Relax~ |         |         |
|         |         | (number | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |         |         |
|         |         | of DRX  | (number | (number |         |         |
|         |         | cy      | of DRX  | of DRX  |         |         |
|         |         | cles)** | cy      | cy      |         |         |
|         |         |         | cles)** | cles)** |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
|         | **FR1** | **      | FR2-2   |         |         |         |
|         |         | FR2-1^N | ^Note2^ |         |         |         |
|         |         | ote1^** |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.32    | 1       | 8       | 12      | 11.52 x | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x    | N1 x    |
|         |         |         |         | x 1.5   | K1x 1.5 | K1x 1.5 |
|         |         |         |         | (36 x   | (4 x N1 | (16 x   |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | x K1 x  | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | x 1.5)  | 1.5)    | x 1.5)  |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.64    |         | 5       | 8       | 17.92x  | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (28 x   | (2 x N1 | (8 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 1.28    |         | 4       | 6       | 32 x N1 | 1.28 x  | 6.4 x   |
|         |         |         |         | x K1    | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (25 x   | (1 x N1 | (5 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 2.56    |         | 3       | 5       | 58.88 x | 2.56 x  | 7.68 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | (1 x N1 | (3 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 1, N1 = |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 12 for  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *l      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| owMobil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ityEval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uation* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 4.2.2.10.2-2: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~detect,NR\   | T~measure,NR\  | T~evaluate,NR\ |
| cycle length   | _Inter\_Relax~ | _Inter\_Relax~ | _Inter\_Relax~ |
| \[s\]          | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x K1    | 5.12 x K1 (1 x | 10.24 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | K1)            | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x K1    | 10.24 x K1 (1  | 20.48 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | x K1)          | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobil      |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.10.2-3: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle upto 10.24 s (Frequency range FR2)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~detect,NR\   | T~measure,NR\  | T~evaluate,NR\ |
| cycle length   | _Inter\_Relax~ | _Inter\_Relax~ | _Inter\_Relax~ |
| \[s\]          | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x N1 x   | 2.56 x N1 x K1 | 7.68 x N1 x K1 |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | (3 x N1 x K1)  |
|                | K1)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x N1 x  | 5.12 x N1 x K1 | 10.24 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            |                | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x N1 x  | 10.24 x N1 x   | 20.48 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | K1 (1 x N1 x   | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: For UE |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| FR2-1 power    |                |                |                |
| class 2&3&4,   |                |                |                |
| N1=3. For UE   |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| FR2-1 power    |                |                |                |
| class 1 or 5,  |                |                |                |
| N1 = 8 for all |                |                |                |
| DRX cycle      |                |                |                |
| length.        |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: Void   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobil      |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.10.2-4: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range
FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | R\_Inter | R\_Inter | R\_Inter |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          | s        | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          | periods) | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | cycles^N | cycles   | cycles^N |
|          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ^N       | ote\ 3^) |
|          |          |          |          | ote\ 3^) |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | eDRX}\_\ | 1.5 x K1 | 1.5 x K1 |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | text{cyc | (1 x M2  | (2 x M2  |
| cycle    |          |          | l}e\_ le | x K1)    | x K1)    |
| length   |          |          | ngth \ti |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
|          |          |          | }{PTW/DR |          |          |
|          |          |          | X\_ cycl |          |          |
|          |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th} \rig |          |          |
|          |          |          | ht\rceil |          |          |
|          |          |          |  x\ K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| rrespond |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,NR\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Inter\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2.2.10.2-5: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range
FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **T~    | **T~m   | **T~ev  |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | detect, | easure, | aluate, |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | NR\_Int | NR\_Int | NR\_Int |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | er~**~\ | er~**~\ | er~**~\ |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | _Relax~ | _Relax~ | _Relax~ |
|         |         | s       |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | p       |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         | eriods) |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | **^Note | **^Note | **^Note |
|         |         |         |         | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥15.36  | 8       | K1 x    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (12)    |         | $\      | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | text{eD | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | RX}\_\t | x K1)   | x K1)   |
| length  |         |         |         | ext{cyc |         |         |
| ≤\[1    |         |         |         | l}e\_ l |         |         |
| 63.84\] |         |         |         | ength \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | left\lc |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eil \fr |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ac{23 \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times N |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | 1}{PTW/ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | DRX\_ c |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ycle\_  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | length} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |  \right |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \rceil$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥19.2   | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (15)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥30.72  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (24)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | 40.96   | 3       |         | 20.48   | 40.96   |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cor     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| respond |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of PTW  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| left\lc |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eil \fr |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ac{Teva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luate,N |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| R\_ Int |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| er\_ re |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lax*DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ cycl |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| e}{1.28 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| } \righ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\rceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *1.28$. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| In this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| case    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| next    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| av      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ailable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lowMobi |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lityEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

##### 4.2.2.10.3 Measurements for UE fulfilling not-at-cell edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- T331 timer is not running for EMR measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN,
and

\- UE is only configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and
UE has fulfilled the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion or

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled only the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

The UE shall not relax measurements on NR inter-frequency carriers
configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements (defined in clause 4.4)
while T331 is running.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements defined in clause 4.2.2.4 apply for this clause except
that:

\- The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
inter-frequency NR cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS
38.304 \[1\] within N~carrier\_Relax~ \* T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ +
N~carrier\_Non\_relax~ \* T~detect,NR\_Inter~. Cells which have been
detected shall be measured at least every N~carrier\_Relax~ \*
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ + N~carrier\_Non\_relax~ \*
T~measure,NR\_Inter.~ The UE shall be able to evaluate that an already
identified inter-frequency NR cell has met reselection criterion defined
in TS 38.304 \[1\] within N~carrier\_Relax~ \*
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ + N~carrier\_Non\_relax~ \*
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~.

\- When T331 is running,

\- The parameter N~carrier\_Relax~ is the total number of NR
inter-frequency carriers not configured for idle mode CA/DC
measurements.

\- The parameter N~carrier\_Non\_relax~ is the total number of NR
inter-frequency carriers configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements.

\- When T331 is not running,

\- The parameter N~carrier\_Relax~ is the total number of
inter-frequency carriers configured for mobility measurements only and
the number of inter-frequency carriers configured for both mobility
measurement and idle mode CA/DC measurements.

\- The parameter N~carrier\_Non\_relax~ =0.

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE, T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ are as
specified in table 4.2.2.10.3-1 and T~detect,NR\_Inter,~
T~measure,NR\_\ Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter~ are as specified in
table 4.2.2.4.1-1.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE, T~detect,NR\_Inter~,
T~measure,NR\_\ Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter~ are as specified in
table 4.2.2.4-3 and table 4.2.2.4-4 for FR1 and FR2 respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ are as specified in table 4.2.2.10.3-2 and
table 4.2.2.10.3-3 for FR1 and FR2, respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ are as specified in table 4.2.2.10.3-4 and
table 4.2.2.10.3-5 for FR1 and FR2, respectively, provided eDRX cycle is
≤ \[163.84\] sec and evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one
carrier is not greater than single PTW length.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, then
regardless of whether the UE is configured with *highPriorityMeasRelax*
\[2\] or not, the UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher
priority at least every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2.2.7.

Table 4.2.2.10.3-1: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **DRX   | **      | **T~det | *       | **      |         |         |
| cycle   | Scaling | ect,NR\ | *T~meas | T~evalu |         |         |
| length  | Factor  | _Inter\ | ure,NR\ | ate,NR\ |         |         |
| \[s\]** | (N1)**  | _Relax~ | _Inter\ | _Inter\ |         |         |
|         |         | \[s\]   | _Relax~ | _Relax~ |         |         |
|         |         | (number | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |         |         |
|         |         | of DRX  | (number | (number |         |         |
|         |         | cy      | of DRX  | of DRX  |         |         |
|         |         | cles)** | cy      | cy      |         |         |
|         |         |         | cles)** | cles)** |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
|         | **FR1** | **      | FR2-2   |         |         |         |
|         |         | FR2-1^N | ^Note2^ |         |         |         |
|         |         | ote1^** |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.32    | 1       | 8       | 12      | 11.52 x | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | x 1.5   | x 1.5   | x 1.5   |
|         |         |         |         | (36 x   | (4 x N1 | (16 x   |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | x K1 x  | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | x 1.5)  | 1.5)    | x 1.5)  |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 0.64    |         | 5       | 8       | 17.92x  | 1.28 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (28 x   | (2 x N1 | (8 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 1.28    |         | 4       | 6       | 32 x N1 | 1.28 x  | 6.4 x   |
|         |         |         |         | x K1    | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (25 x   | (1 x N1 | (5 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 2.56    |         | 3       | 5       | 58.88 x | 2.56 x  | 7.68 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | (1 x N1 | (3 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    | x K1)   | x K1)   |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-2   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 1, N1 = |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 12 for  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *cellE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| dgeEval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uation* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Table 4.2.2.10.3-2: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR1) for eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~detect,NR\   | T~measure,NR\  | T~evaluate,NR\ |
| cycle length   | _Inter\_Relax~ | _Inter\_Relax~ | _Inter\_Relax~ |
| \[s\]          | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x K1    | 5.12 x K1 (1 x | 10.24 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | K1)            | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x K1    | 10.24 x K1 (1  | 20.48 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | x K1)          | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.10.3-3: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR2) for eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~detect,NR\   | T~measure,NR\  | T~evaluate,NR\ |
| cycle length   | _Inter\_Relax~ | _Inter\_Relax~ | _Inter\_Relax~ |
| \[s\]          | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x N1 x   | 2.56 x N1 x K1 | 7.68 x N1 x K1 |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | (3 x N1 x K1)  |
|                | K1)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x N1 x  | 5.12 x N1 x K1 | 10.24 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            |                | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x N1 x  | 10.24 x N1 x   | 20.48 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | K1 (1 x N1 x   | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: For UE |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| FR2-1 power    |                |                |                |
| class 2&3&4,   |                |                |                |
| N1=3. For UE   |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| FR2-1 power    |                |                |                |
| class 1 or 5,  |                |                |                |
| N1 = 8 for all |                |                |                |
| DRX cycle      |                |                |                |
| length.        |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.10.3-4: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s(Frequency range
FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | R\_Inter | R\_Inter | R\_Inter |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          | s        | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          | periods) | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | cycles   | cycles   | cycles   |
|          |          |          | ^N       | ^N       | ^N       |
|          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | eDRX}\_\ | M2 x K1  | M2 x K1  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | text{cyc | (1 x M2  | (2 x M2  |
| cycle    |          |          | l}e\_ le | x K1)    | x K1)    |
| length   |          |          | ngth \ti |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
|          |          |          | }{PTW/DR |          |          |
|          |          |          | X\_ cycl |          |          |
|          |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th} \rig |          |          |
|          |          |          | ht\rceil |          |          |
|          |          |          |  x\ K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| rrespond |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,NR\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Inter\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1. If |          |          |          |          |          |
| d        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ifferent |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| perio    |          |          |          |          |          |
| dicities |          |          |          |          |          |
| are      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| d        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ifferent |          |          |          |          |          |
| cells,   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the SMTC |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| note is  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the one  |          |          |          |          |          |
| used by  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the cell |          |          |          |          |          |
| being    |          |          |          |          |          |
| ide      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ntified. |          |          |          |          |          |
| During   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PSS/SSS  |          |          |          |          |          |
| de       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tection, |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| carrier  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| assumed, |          |          |          |          |          |
| and if   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| actual   |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| greater  |          |          |          |          |          |
| than the |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| carrier, |          |          |          |          |          |
| longer   |          |          |          |          |          |
| T~det    |          |          |          |          |          |
| ect,\ NR |          |          |          |          |          |
| \_intra~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| e        |          |          |          |          |          |
| xpected. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2.2.10.3-5: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range
FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **      | **T     | **T~    |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | T~detec | ~measur | evaluat |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | t,NR\_I | e,NR\_I | e,NR\_I |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | nter\_R | nter\_R | nter\_R |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | elax~** | elax~** | elax~** |
|         |         | s       |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | p       |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         | eriods) |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | **^Note | **^Note | **^Note |
|         |         |         |         | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥15.36  | 8       | K1 x    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (12)    |         | $\      | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | text{eD | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | RX}\_\t | x K1)   | x K1)   |
| length  |         |         |         | ext{cyc |         |         |
| ≤\[1    |         |         |         | l}e\_ l |         |         |
| 63.84\] |         |         |         | ength \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | left\lc |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eil \fr |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ac{23 \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times N |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | 1}{PTW/ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | DRX\_ c |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ycle\_  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | length} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |  \right |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \rceil$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥19.2   | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (15)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥30.72  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (24)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | 40.96   | 3       |         | 20.48   | 40.96   |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2&3&4.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2-1   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class 1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or 5,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| N1 = 8  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cor     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| respond |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of PTW  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| left\lc |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eil \fr |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ac{Teva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luate,N |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| R\_ Int |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| er\_ Re |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lax*DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ cycl |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| e}{1.28 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| } \righ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\rceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *1.28$. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| In this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| case    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| next    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| av      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ailable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *cell   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| EdgeEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

##### 4.2.2.10.4 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

> \- T331 timer is not running for EMR measurements on inter-frequency
> NR carrier, and
>
> \- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
> and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and

\- both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\]
criteria are fulfilled.

In this case the UE is not required to meet T~detect,NR\_Inter,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ as defined in table
4.2.2.4-1 or table 4.2.2.4-3 or table 4.2.2.4-4.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE
shall search for, measure and evaluate inter-frequency layers of higher,
equal or lower priority at least every 1 hour.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the
UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at least
every K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~
is described in clause 4.2.2.7 and K2=60.

#### 4.2.2.11 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

##### 4.2.2.11.1 Introduction

This clause contains the requirements for measurements on inter-RAT
E-UTRAN cells when the UE is configured with any of following relaxed
measurement critera:

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE with low mobility defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.1 in \[1\],

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE not-at-cell edge defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.2 in \[1\],

\- Both low mobility criterion and not-at-cell edge criterion as defined
in clauses 5.2.4.9.1 and 5.2.4.9.2 in \[1\] respectively.

##### 4.2.2.11.2 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

\- T331 timer is not running for EMR measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN,
and

\- UE is only configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and UE has fulfilled the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition* \[2\] is not configured, and

\- UE has fulfilled only the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

The UE shall not relax measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN carriers
configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements (defined in clause 4.4)
while T331 is running.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements defined in clause 4.2.2.5 apply for this clause except
that:

\- The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable inter-RAT
E-UTRAN cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]
within N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Relax~ \* T~detect,EUTRAN\_Relax~ +
N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Non\_relax~ \* T~detect,EUTRAN~. Cells which have
been detected shall be measured at least every N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Relax~
\* T~measure,EUTRAN\_Relax~ + N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Non\_relax~ \*
T~measure,EUTRAN.~ The UE shall be able to evaluate that an already
identified inter-RAT E-UTRAN cell has met reselection criterion defined
in TS 38.304 \[1\] within N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Relax~ \*
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_Relax~ + N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Non\_relax~ \*
T~evaluate,EUTRAN~.

\- When T331 is running,

\- The parameter N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Relax~ is the total number of
inter-RAT E-UTRAN carriers not configured for idle mode CA/DC
measurements.

\- The parameter N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Non\_relax~ is the total number of
inter-RAT E-UTRAN carriers configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements.

\- When T331 is not running,

\- The parameter N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Relax~ is the total number of
inter-RAT E-UTRAN carriers configured for mobility measurements only and
the number of inter-RAT E-UTRAN carriers configured for both mobility
measurement and idle mode CA/DC measurements.

\- The parameter N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Non\_relax~ =0.

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE, T~detect,EUTRAN\_Relax~,
T~measure,EUTRAN\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_Relax~ are as specified
in table 4.2.2.11.2-1 and T~detect,EUTRAN,~ T~measure,EUTRAN~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN~ are as specified in table 4.2.2.5-1.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE, T~detect,EUTRAN~,
T~measure,EUTRAN~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN~ are as specified in table
4.2.2.5-3.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24 s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_Relax~ are as specified in table 4.2.2.11.2-2.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_Relax~ are as specified in table 4.2.2.11.2-3,
provided eDRX cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and evaluation/measurement time
with relaxation on one carrier is not greater than single PTW length.

When UE is only configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and UE has fulfilled the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and
Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ,~

\- if the UE is configured with *highPriorityMeasRelax* \[2\] then the
UE shall search for E-UTRA inter-RAT frequency layers of higher priority
at least every K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2.2.7 and, K2 = 60

\- otherwise, the UE is not configured with *highPriorityMeasRelax*
\[2\] then the UE shall search for E-UTRA inter-RAT frequency layers of
higher priority at least every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2.2.7.

Table 4.2.2.11.2-1: T~detect,EUTRAN\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_Relax,~
and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_Relax~

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~detect,      | T~measure,     | T~evaluate,    |
| length \[s\]   | EUTRAN\_Relax~ | EUTRAN\_Relax~ | EUTRAN\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0.32           | 11.52 x K1 (36 | 1.28 x K1 (4 x | 5.12 x K1 (16  |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 x K1 (28 | 1.28 x K1 (2 x | 5.12 x K1 (8 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32 x K1 (25 x  | 1.28 x K1 (1 x | 6.4 x K1 (5 x  |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobil      |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.11.2-2: T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~, T~measure,~
~EUTRAN\ \_Relax~ and T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\ \_Relax~ for UE configured
with eDRX\_IDLE cycle upto 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                   T~detect,\ EUTRAN\ \_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~measure,\ EUTRAN\ \_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\ \_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  2.56                                                                                                                            58.88 x K1 (23 x K1)                                             2.56 x K1 (1 x K1)                                                7.68 x K1 (3 x K1)
  5.12                                                                                                                            117.76 x K1 (23 x K1)                                            5.12 x K1 (1 x K1)                                                10.24 x K1 (2 x K1)
  10.24                                                                                                                           235.52 x K1 (23 x K1)                                            10.24 x K1 (1 x K1)                                               20.48 x K1 (2 x K1)
  NOTE 1: K1 = 3 is the measurement relaxation factor applicable for UE fulfilling the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.                                                                                                                                      

Table 4.2.2.11.2-3: T~detect,\ EUTRAN\ \_Relax~,
T~measure,\ EUTRAN\ \_Relax~ and T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\ \_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range
FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~d      | T~me     | T~eva    |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | etect,\  | asure,\  | luate,\  |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | EUTRAN\  | EUTRAN\  | EUTRAN\  |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          | s        | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          | periods) | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | cycles   | cycles   | cycles   |
|          |          |          | ^N       | ^N       | ^N       |
|          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | eDRX}\_\ | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | text{cyc | K1)      | K1)      |
| cycle    |          |          | l}e\_ le |          |          |
| length   |          |          | ngth \ti |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
|          |          |          | }{PTW/DR |          |          |
|          |          |          | X\_ cycl |          |          |
|          |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th} \rig |          |          |
|          |          |          | ht\rceil |          |          |
|          |          |          |  x\ K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| rrespond |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\le     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ft\lceil |          |          |          |          |          |
|  \frac{T |          |          |          |          |          |
| evaluate |          |          |          |          |          |
| ,EUTRAN\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

##### 4.2.2.11.3 Measurements for UE fulfilling with not-at-cell edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

\- T331 timer is not running for EMR measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN,
and

\- UE is only configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
UE has fulfilled the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled only the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

The UE shall not relax measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN carriers
configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements (defined in clause 4.4)
while T331 is running.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements defined in clause 4.2.2.5 apply for this clause except
that:

\- The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable inter-RAT
E-UTRAN cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]
within N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Relax~ \* T~detect,EUTRAN\_Relax~ +
N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Non\_relax~ \* T~detect,EUTRAN~. Cells which have
been detected shall be measured at least every N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Relax~
\* T~measure,EUTRAN\_Relax~ + N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Non\_relax~ \*
T~measure,EUTRAN.~ The UE shall be able to evaluate that an already
identified inter-RAT E-UTRAN cell has met reselection criterion defined
in TS 38.304 \[1\] within N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Relax~ \*
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_Relax~ + N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Non\_relax~ \*
T~evaluate,EUTRAN~.

\- When T331 is running,

> \- The parameter N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Relax~ is the total number of
> inter-RAT E-UTRAN carriers not configured for idle mode CA/DC
> measurements.
>
> \- The parameter N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Non\_relax~ is the total number of
> inter-RAT E-UTRAN carriers configured for idle mode CA/DC
> measurements.

\- When T331 is not running,

\- The parameter N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Relax~ is the total number of
inter-RAT E-UTRAN carriers configured for mobility measurements only and
the number of inter-RAT E-UTRAN carriers configured for both mobility
measurement and idle mode CA/DC measurements.

\- The parameter N~EUTRAN\ carrier\_Non\_relax~ =0.

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE, T~detect,EUTRAN\_Relax~,
T~measure,EUTRAN\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_Relax~ are as specified
in table 4.2.2.11.3-1 and T~detect,EUTRAN,~ T~measure,EUTRAN~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN~ are as specified in table 4.2.2.5-1.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE, T~detect,EUTRAN~,
T~measure,EUTRAN~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN~ are as specified in table
4.2.2.5-3.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24 s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_Relax~ are as specified in table 4.2.2.11.3-2.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_Relax~ are as specified in table 4.2.2.11.3-3,
provided eDRX cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and evaluation/measurement time
with relaxation on one carrier is not greater than single PTW length.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ and
regardless of whether the UE is configured with *highPriorityMeasRelax*
\[2\] or not, the UE shall search for inter-RAT E-UTRAN frequency layers
of higher priority at least every T~higher\_priority~\_~search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2.2.7.

Table 4.2.2.11.3-1: T~detect,EUTRAN\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_Relax,~
and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_Relax~

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~detect,      | T~measure,     | T~evaluate,    |
| length \[s\]   | EUTRAN\_Relax~ | EUTRAN\_Relax~ | EUTRAN\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0.32           | 11.52 x K1 (36 | 1.28 x K1 (4 x | 5.12 x K1 (16  |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 x K1 (28 | 1.28 x K1 (2 x | 5.12 x K1 (8 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32 x K1 (25 x  | 1.28 x K1 (1 x | 6.4 x K1 (5 x  |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2.2.11.3-2: T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~,
T~measure,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                T~detect,\ EUTRAN\ \_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~measure,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  2.56                                                                                                                         58.88 x K1 (23 x K1)                                             2.56 x K1 (1 x K1)                                              7.68 x K1 (3 x K1)
  5.12                                                                                                                         117.76 x K1 (23 x K1)                                            5.12 x K1 (1 x K1)                                              10.24 x K1 (2 x K1)
  10.24                                                                                                                        235.52 x K1 (23 x K1)                                            10.24 x K1 (1 x K1)                                             20.48 x K1 (2 x K1)
  NOTE 1: K1 = 3 is the measurement relaxation factor applicable for UE fulfilling the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.                                                                                                                                    

Table 4.2.2.11.3-3: T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~,
T~measure,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range
FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T        | T~measur | T        |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | ~detect, | e,EUTRAN | ~evaluat |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | \ EUTRAN | \_Relax~ | e,EUTRAN |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \_Relax~ | \[s\]    | \_Relax~ |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \[s\]    | (number  | \[s\]    |
|          |          | s        | (number  | of DRX   | (number  |
|          |          | periods) | of DRX   | cycles   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | cycles   | ^N       | cycles   |
|          |          |          | ^N       | ote\ 3^) | ^N       |
|          |          |          | ote\ 3^) |          | ote\ 3^) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | eDRX}\_\ | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | text{cyc | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) |
| cycle    |          |          | l}e\_ le |          |          |
| length   |          |          | ngth \ti |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
|          |          |          | }{PTW/DR |          |          |
|          |          |          | X\_ cycl |          |          |
|          |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th} \rig |          |          |
|          |          |          | ht\rceil |          |          |
|          |          |          |  x\ K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\le     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ft\lceil |          |          |          |          |          |
|  \frac{T |          |          |          |          |          |
| evaluate |          |          |          |          |          |
| ,EUTRAN\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

##### 4.2.2.11.4 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

> \- T331 timer is not running for EMR measurements on inter-RAT
> E-UTRAN, and
>
> \- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
> and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and

\- both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\]
criteria are fulfilled.

In this case the UE is not required to meet T~detect,EUTRAN~ ,
T~measure,EUTRAN~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN~ as defined in table 4.2.2.5-1
or table 4.2.2.5-3.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE
shall search for, measure and evaluate inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers of
higher or lower priority at least every 1 hour.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the
UE shall search for inter-RAT E-UTRAN of higher priority at least every
K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2.2.7 and K2=60.

#### 4.2.2.12 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells with NTN carrier

This clause applies for the inter-frequency cell reselection for NTN
carriers in FR1 NTN, and TN carriers if configured. The requirements in
clause 4.2.2.12 apply provided that network provides SIB19 and UE is
configured with one or more NTN carrier. UE is not required to ensure
having a valid version of SIB19 and the exact time of reacquiring SIB19
is up to UE implementation.

The UE shall be able to identify new inter-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of identified inter-frequency cells if
carrier frequency information is provided by the serving cell, even if
no explicit neighbour list with physical layer cell identities is
provided.

If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, then
the UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at
least every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2.2.7.

If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, then the
UE shall search for and measure inter-frequency layers of higher, equal
or lower priority in preparation for possible reselection. In this
scenario, the minimum rate at which the UE is required to search for and
measure higher priority layers shall be the same as that defined below
in this clause.

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
inter-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304
\[1\] within *K~carrier\_TN~*\* T~detect,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
$\sum_{i = 1}^{K_{\text{carrier}\_ NTN}}{K_{multi\_ SMTC,i}*T_{detect,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN}}$+T\_GNSS
if the UE does not support Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in
IDLE and INACTIVE modes defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] or if the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or within
*K~carrier\_TN~*\* T~detect,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
$\sum_{i = 1}^{K_{\text{carrier}\_ NTN}}{K_{multi\_ SMTC,i}*T_{detect,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN\_ enh}}$+T\_GNSS
if the UE supports Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE
and INACTIVE modes defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] and the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is enabled, if at least carrier frequency
information is provided for inter-frequency neighbour cells by the
serving cells when T~reselection~ = 0 provided that the reselection
criteria is met by a margin of at least \[5\]dB in FR1 for reselections
based on ranking or \[6\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRP reselections based on
absolute priorities or \[4\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on
absolute priorities. The parameter K~carrier\_TN~ is the number of NR TN
inter-frequency carriers and the parameter K~carrier\_NTN~ is the number
of NR NTN inter-frequency carriers indicated by the serving cell.

The parameter K~multi\_SMTC,i~ is the scaling factor for measurement of
multiple SMTCs or multiple satellites

> \- If SMTCs do not overlap with each other,
>
> \- $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}},i} = 1$, if GEO satellites are
> measured on the carrier;
>
> \-
> $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}},i} = \left\lceil \frac{N_{LEO,i}}{N_{LEO,simul}} \right\rceil$,
> if LEO satellites are measured on the carrier;
>
> \- If SMTCs partially overlap with each other,
>
> \- $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}},i} = N_{SMTC,overlap}$, if only GEO
> satellites are measured on the carrier;
>
> \-
> $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}},i} = \sum_{i = 1}^{N_{SMTC,overlap}}\left\lceil \frac{N_{LEO,i}}{N_{LEO,simul}} \right\rceil$,
> if only LEO satellites are measured on the carrier;
>
> where
>
> $N_{LEO,i}$ is the number of LEO satellites to be measured within
> *i*-th SMTC,
>
> $N_{LEO,simul}$ is the number of LEO satellites that UE can measure in
> parallel within an SMTC,$N_{SMTC,overlap}$ is the number of SMTCs that
> partially overlap with each other.
>
> NOTE: for deriving K~multi\_SMTC,i~ for T~detect,NR\_Inter~,
> T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ of frequency layer *i*,
> two SMTCs are considered as overlapping if they overlap in one or more
> occasions during a single T~detect,NR\_Inter~, T~measure,NR\_Inter~ or
> T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~.

T~detecet,NR\_Inter\_TN,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter\_TN~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_TN~ are the NR TN inter-frequency cell
re-selection requirement defined in table 4.2.2.4-1 in TS 38.133.

T~detect,NR\_Inter\_NTN,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter\_NTN~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_NTN~ are the NR NTN inter-frequency cell
re-selection requirement defined in table 4.2C.2.4-1 in TS 38.133.

T~detect,NR\_Inter\_NTN\_enh,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter\_NTN\_enh~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_NTN\_enh~ are the NR NTN inter-frequency cell
re-selection requirement defined in table 4.2C.2.4-2 in TS 38.133.

T\_~GNSS~ is TTFF (Time To First Fix) of which value is left undefined
in RRM spec. If UE GNSS has been switched ON, T\_~GNSS~ can be assumed
zero.

NOTE: The above requirement does not assume UE always performs NTN cell
detection/measurement as well as TN cells.

An inter-frequency cell is considered to be detectable according to the
conditions defined in Annex B.1.7 for a corresponding Band.

When higher priority cells are found by the higher priority search, they
shall be measured at least every T~measure,NR\_Inter~. If, after
detecting a cell in a higher priority search, it is determined that
reselection has not occurred then the UE is not required to continuously
measure the detected cell to evaluate the ongoing possibility of
reselection. However, the minimum measurement filtering requirements
specified later in this clause shall still be met by the UE before it
makes any determination that it may stop measuring the cell. If the UE
detects on a NR carrier a cell whose physical identity is indicated as
not allowed for that carrier in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell, the UE is not required to perform
measurements on that cell.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ at least every
*K~carrier\_TN~*\* T~measure,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
$\sum_{i = 1}^{K_{\text{carrier}\_ NTN}}{K_{multi\_ SMTC,i}*T_{measure,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN}}$+T\_GNSS
(see table 4.2C.2.4-1) if the UE does not support Enhanced RRM
requirements for measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE mdoes defined in TS
38.306 \[14\] or if the *enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or
every *K~carrier\_TN~*\* T~measure,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
$\sum_{i = 1}^{K_{\text{carrier}\_ NTN}}{K_{multi\_ SMTC,i}*T_{measure,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN\_ enh}}$+T\_GNSS
(see table 4.2C.2.4-2) if the UE supports Enhanced RRM requirements for
measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE modes defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] and
the *enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17*is enabled, for identified lower or
equal priority inter-frequency cells. If the UE detects on a NR carrier
a cell whose physical identity is indicated as not allowed for that
carrier in the measurement control system information of the serving
cell, the UE is not required to perform measurements on that cell.

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
higher, lower and equal priority inter-frequency cell using at least 2
measurements. Within the set of measurements used for the filtering, at
least two measurements shall be spaced by at least
T~measure,NR\_Inter~/2.

The UE shall not consider a NR neighbour cell in cell reselection, if it
is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an inter-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the inter-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined TS 38.304 \[1\] within *K~carrier\_TN~*\*
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
$\sum_{i = 1}^{K_{\text{carrier}\_ NTN}}{K_{multi\_ SMTC,i}*T_{evaluste,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN}}$+T\_GNSS
if the UE does not support Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in
IDLE and INACTIVE modes defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] or if the
*enhanceddMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or within
*K~carrier\_TN~*\* T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
$\sum_{i = 1}^{K_{\text{carrier}\_ NTN}}{K_{multi\_ SMTC,i}*T_{evaluste,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN\_ enh}}$+T\_GNSS
if the UE supports Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE
and INACTIVE modes defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] and the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is enabled, when T~reselection~ = 0 as
specified in table 4.2C.2.4-1 provided that the reselection criteria is
met by

> \- the condition when performing equal priority reselection and
>
> when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:
>
> \- the cell is at least \[5\]dB better ranked in FR1 or.
>
> when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:
>
> \- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
> *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
> cell-ranking criterion R value in TS 38.304 \[1\] is within
> *rangeToBestCell* of the cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest
> ranked cell.
>
> \- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank
> among them
>
> \- the cell is at least \[5\]dB better ranked in FR1 if the current
> serving cell is among them. or
>
> \- \[6\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRP reselections based on absolute
> priorities or
>
> \- \[4\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on absolute
> priorities.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and inter-frequency cells.

If T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and the inter-frequency
cell is satisfied with the reselection criteria, the UE shall evaluate
this inter-frequency cell for the T~reselection~ time. If this cell
remains satisfied with the reselection criteria within this duration,
then the UE shall reselect that cell.

The UE is not expected to meet the measurement requirements for an
inter-frequency carrier under DRX cycle=320 ms defined in table
4.2C.2.4-1 under the following conditions:

> \- T~SMTC\_intra~ = T~SMTC\_inter~ = 160 ms; where

\- T~SMTC\_intra~ is the periodicity of the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier if no identified intra-frequency cell is in the
PCI list of *smtc2-LP* on this intra-frequency carrier; T~SMTC\_intra~
is the periodicity of the *smtc2-LP* configured for the intra-frequency
carrier if at least one identified intra-frequency cell is in the PCI
list of *smtc2-LP* on this intra-frequency carrier. During PSS/SSS
detection, the periodicity of the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier is assumed for T~SMTC\_intra~. If the actual SSB
transmission periodicity is greater than the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier, longer T~detect,\ NR\_intra~ is expected.

\- T~SMTC\_inter~ is the actual SMTC periodicity used by the
inter-frequency cell being identified. During PSS/SSS detection, the
periodicity of the SMTC configured for the inter-frequency carrier is
assumed for T~SMTC\_inter~. If the actual SSB transmission periodicity
is greater than the SMTC configured for the inter-frequency carrier,
longer Tdetect, NR\_inter is expected.

\- SMTC occasions configured for the inter-frequency carrier occur up to
1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms after the end of the SMTC occasions
configured for the intra-frequency carrier, and

\- SMTC occasions configured for the intra-frequency carrier and for the
inter-frequency carrier occur up to 1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms
after the end of the paging occasion in TS 38.304 \[1\].

The requirements in this clause apply provided that the number of SMTCs
for any inter-frequency carrier does not exceed the value indicated by
*parallelSMTC-r17*, otherwise UE may select one or subset of all the
configured SMTCs sequentially until all of the SMTCs can be measured,
the selection of SMTCs to be used is up to UE implementation, and longer
measurement delay than the corresponding measurement period specified in
table 4.2C.2.4-1 and table 4.2C.2.4-2 is expected.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that the valid
information for the satellite serving the target cell has been provided
by the serving cell.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that SSB of neighbour
cells are within the time shifted SMTC.

4.2A Cell Re-selection when subject to CCA
------------------------------------------

### 4.2A.1 Introduction

The cell reselection procedure allows the UE to select a more suitable
cell and camp on it. The requirements in clauses 4.2A.2.3, 4.2A.2.4, and
4.2A.2.6, apply when at least the target cell is on a carrier frequency
subject to CCA, and the requirements in clauses 4.2A.2.2, and 4.2A.2.5
apply when at least the camping cell is on a carrier frequency subject
to CCA.

When the UE is in either *Camped* *Normally* state or *Camped on Any
Cell* state on a cell, the UE shall attempt to detect, synchronise, and
monitor intra-frequency, inter-frequency and inter-RAT cells indicated
by the serving cell. For intra-frequency and inter-frequency cells the
serving cell may provide explicit neighbour list, or only carrier
frequency information and bandwidth information. UE measurement activity
is also controlled by measurement rules defined in TS 38.304 \[1\],
allowing the UE to limit its measurement activity.

In the requirements of clause 4.2A, the exceptions for side conditions
apply as follows:

\- for the UE capable of CA, the applicable exceptions for side
conditions are specified in Annex B, clause B.3.2 for UE supporting CA
in FR1.

In the requirements of clause 4.2A.2, the term SMTC occasion not
available at the UE refers to when the SMTC contains SSBs configured by
gNB in a cell on a carrier frequency subject to CCA, but *N* candidate
SSB positions for the same SS/PBCH block index within the discovery
burst transmission window are not available at the UE due to DL CCA
failures at gNB during the corresponding detection, measurement, or
evaluation period, where:

\- For the cell detection procedure: *N* is at least one candidate SSB
position (NOTE: the one candidate SSB position for the cell detection
shall not be impacted by the set of candidate SSB positions which are
already being measured by the UE within the current measurement period
of the on-going measurements), and

\- For other procedures in clause 4.2A.2: *N* are the first two
successive candidate SSB positions when two or more candidate SSB
positions are configured for this SSB index in one discovery burst
transmission window, otherwise N is one candidate SSB position;

Otherwise, the SMTC occasion is considered as available at the UE.

### 4.2A.2 Requirements

#### 4.2A.2.1 UE measurement capability

For idle mode cell re-selection purposes, the UE shall be capable of
monitoring at least:

\- Intra-frequency carrier, and

\- Depending on UE capability, 7 NR inter-frequency carriers, and

\- Depending on UE capability, 7 FDD E-UTRA inter-RAT carriers, and

\- Depending on UE capability, 7 TDD E-UTRA inter-RAT carriers.

*In addition to the requirements defined above,* a UE supporting E-UTRA
measurements in RRC\_IDLE state shall be capable of monitoring a total
of at least 14 carrier frequency layers, which includes serving layer,
comprising of any above defined combination of E-UTRA FDD, E-UTRA TDD
and NR layers. The inter-frequency carriers include carriers on
unlicensed band and/or licensed band.

#### 4.2A.2.2 Measurement and evaluation when subject to CCA on the serving cell

The UE shall measure the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ level of the serving cell
and evaluate the cell selection criterion S defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]
for the serving cell at least once every (1+M~n~)\*M1\*N1 DRX cycles in
N~serv\_CCA~ consecutive DRX cycles; where:

\- M1=2 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and DRX cycle ≤ 0.64
second,

\- otherwise M1=1.

\- N1\*M~n~ is the maximum separation in DRX cycles between two
measurements that are used for filtering.

The UE shall filter the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the serving
cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used
for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by, at
least DRX cycle/2 but not separated in time by more than N1\*M~n~, where
M~n~=2.

If the UE has evaluated according to table 4.2A.2.2-1 in N~serv\_CCA~
consecutive DRX cycles that the serving cell does not fulfil the cell
selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate the measurements of all
neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell, regardless of the
measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement activities.

UE shall initiate measurements on neighbour cells indicated by the
serving cell if it is unable to measure on the serving cell for at least
N1\*M~p~ consecutive number of DRX cycles each with at least one SMTC
occasion not available at the UE, where M~p~=4 when DRX cycle length
\<1.28 s, M~p~=2 when DRX cycle length ≥1.28 s.

UE shall initiate the measurements on neighbour cells of any
intra-frequency or inter-frequency if it is unable to measure on serving
cell during at least consecutive N1\*M~q~ number of DRX cycles each with
at least one SMTC occasion not available at the UE, regardless of any
condition of S~nonIntraSearchP~ and S~nonIntraSearchQ~, where M~q~=8
when DRX cycle length \<1.28 s, M~q~=4 when DRX cycle length ≥1.28 s.

If the UE in RRC\_IDLE has not found any new suitable cell based on
searches and measurements using the intra-frequency, inter-frequency and
inter-RAT information indicated in the system information for 10 s, the
UE shall initiate cell selection procedures for the selected PLMN as
defined in TS 38.304 \[1\].

Table 4.2A.2.2-1: N~serv\_CCA~

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | Scaling Factor | **N~serv\_CCA~ |                |
| length \[s\]   | (N1)           | \[number of    |                |
|                |                | DRX cycles\]** |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | FR1            | FR2-2          |                |
|                |                | ^Note\ 3^      |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.32           | 1              | 12             | N1\*M1\*(4+    |
|                |                |                | M~s~)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           |                | 8              | N1\*M1\*(4+    |
|                |                |                | M~s~)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           |                | 6              | N1\*(2+M~s~)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           |                | 5              | N1\*(2+M~s~)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Note 1: Ms is  |                |                |                |
| the number of  |                |                |                |
| groups of      |                |                |                |
| consecutive N1 |                |                |                |
| DRX cycles     |                |                |                |
| each group     |                |                |                |
| with at least  |                |                |                |
| one SMTC       |                |                |                |
| occasion not   |                |                |                |
| available at   |                |                |                |
| the UE during  |                |                |                |
| N              |                |                |                |
| ~serv~\_~CCA~, |                |                |                |
| and M~s~\<     |                |                |                |
| M~s,max~       |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| Note 2:        |                |                |                |
| M~s,max~=8 for |                |                |                |
| DRX cycle      |                |                |                |
| length \< 1.28 |                |                |                |
| s, M~s,max~= 4 |                |                |                |
| for DRX cycle  |                |                |                |
| length ≥ 1.28  |                |                |                |
| s.             |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| Note 3:        |                |                |                |
| Applies for UE |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| FR2-2 power    |                |                |                |
| class 2&3. For |                |                |                |
| UE supporting  |                |                |                |
| FR2-2 power    |                |                |                |
| class 1, N1 =  |                |                |                |
| 12 for all DRX |                |                |                |
| cycle length.  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

The UE shall restart the measurements used for serving cell evaluation
if M~s~ exceeds M~s,max~.

#### 4.2A.2.3 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells when subject to CCA on the serving cell and target cell

The UE shall be able to identify new intra-frequency cells with CCA and
perform SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the identified
intra-frequency cells without an explicit intra-frequency neighbour list
containing physical layer cell identities.

When the intra-frequency measurement is performed on a neighbour cell in
FR2-2 with shared spectrum channel access, UE shall determine the CCA
mode of the neighbour cell according to *channelAccessMode2-r17*of the
cell configured in *SIB3*. If *channelAccessMode2-r17* of the cell is
enabled, UE shall assume that CCA applies to the cell and perform
measurement accordingly, and the requirements in clause 4.2A.2.3 shall
apply; otherwise, UE shall assume that CCA does not apply to the cell
and perform measurement accordingly, and requirements in clause 4.2.2.3
shall apply.

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
intra-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS
38.304 \[1\] within T~detect,NR\_Intra\_CCA~ when that T~reselection~= 0
. An intra frequency cell is considered to be detectable according to
the conditions defined in annex B.1.2A for a corresponding Band.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ at least every
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_CCA~ (see table 4.2A.2.3-1) for intra-frequency
cells that are identified and measured according to the measurement
rules. **For a cell that is already identified, after 2 unsuccessful
measurement attempts due to exceeding the maximum number of SMTC
occasions not available at the UE, the UE shall detect cells on any of
the configured serving- and/or non-serving carriers.**

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
intra-frequency cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of
measurements used for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be
spaced by at least T~measure,NR\_Intra\_CCA~/2.

The UE shall not consider a NR neighbour cell in cell reselection, if it
is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an intra-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the intra-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined \[1\] within T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_CCA~ when
T~reselection~ = 0 as specified in table 4.2A.2.3-1 provided that:

when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:

\- the cell is at least 3 dB better ranked in FR1 or 4.5 dB better
ranked in FR2-2.

when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:

\- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value \[1\] is within *rangeToBestCell* of the
cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest ranked cell.

\- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank among
them.

\- the cell is at least 3 dB better ranked in FR1 or 4.5 dB better
ranked in FR2-2 if the current serving cell is among them.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and non-serving intra-frequency cells.

If T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and the intra-frequency
cell is satisfied with the reselection criteria, which are defined in TS
38.304 \[1\], the UE shall evaluate this intra-frequency cell for the
T~reselection~ time. If this cell remains satisfied with the reselection
criteria within this duration, then the UE shall reselect that cell.

Table 4.2A.2.3-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_CCA,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra\_CCA~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_CCA~

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| DRX      | Scaling  | T~detect | T        | T~       |          |
| cycle    | Factor   | ,NR\_Int | ~measure | evaluate |          |
| length   | (N1)     | ra\_CCA~ | ,NR\_Int | ,NR\_Int |          |
| \[s\]    |          | \[s\]    | ra\_CCA~ | ra\_CCA~ |          |
|          |          | (number  | \[s\]    |          |          |
|          |          | of DRX   | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
|          |          | cycles)  | of DRX   | (number  |          |
|          |          |          | cycles)  | of DRX   |          |
|          |          |          |          | cycles)  |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | **FR1**  | **FR2-2  |          |          |          |
|          |          | ^No      |          |          |          |
|          |          | te\ 5^** |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.32     | 1        | 12       | 0.32     | 0.3      | 0        |
|          |          |          | xN1x(36+ | 2xN1x(4+ | .32xN1x( |
|          |          |          | M~d~)xM2 | M~m~)xM2 | 16+M~e~) |
|          |          |          |          |          | x M2     |
|          |          |          | {        | {(4+     |          |
|          |          |          | (36+M~d~ | M~m~)xN1 | {        |
|          |          |          | )xN1xM2} | xM2      | (16+M~e~ |
|          |          |          |          |          | )xN1xM2} |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.64     |          | 8        | 0        | 0.64xN1x | 0.64xN1x |
|          |          |          | .64xN1x( | (2+M~m~) | (8+M~e~) |
|          |          |          | 28+M~d~) |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | {(2+     | {(8+     |
|          |          |          | {(28+    | M~m~)xN1 | M~e~)xN1 |
|          |          |          | M~d~)xN1 | }        | }        |
|          |          |          | }        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 1.28     |          | 6        | 1        | 1.28xN1x | 1.28xN1x |
|          |          |          | .28xN1x( | (1+M~m~) | (5+M~e~) |
|          |          |          | 25+M~d~) |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | {(1+     | {(5+     |
|          |          |          | {(25+    | M~m~)xN1 | M~e~)xN1 |
|          |          |          | M~d~)xN1 | }        | }        |
|          |          |          | }        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     |          | 5        | 2        | 2.56xN1x | 2.56xN1x |
|          |          |          | .56xN1x( | (1+M~m~) | (3+M~e~) |
|          |          |          | 23+M~d~) |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | {(1+     | {(3+     |
|          |          |          | {(23+    | M~m~)xN1 | M~e~)xN1 |
|          |          |          | M~d~)xN1 | }        | }        |
|          |          |          | }        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Md, Mm,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Me are   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| groups   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| con      |          |          |          |          |          |
| secutive |          |          |          |          |          |
| N1 DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| each     |          |          |          |          |          |
| group    |          |          |          |          |          |
| with at  |          |          |          |          |          |
| least    |          |          |          |          |          |
| one SMTC |          |          |          |          |          |
| occasion |          |          |          |          |          |
| not      |          |          |          |          |          |
| a        |          |          |          |          |          |
| vailable |          |          |          |          |          |
| during   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| T        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ~detect, |          |          |          |          |          |
| NR\_Intr |          |          |          |          |          |
| a\_CCA~, |          |          |          |          |          |
| T        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ~measure |          |          |          |          |          |
| ,NR\_Int |          |          |          |          |          |
| ra\_CCA~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| T~e      |          |          |          |          |          |
| valuate, |          |          |          |          |          |
| NR\_Intr |          |          |          |          |          |
| a\_CCA~, |          |          |          |          |          |
| and M~m~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          |          |          |          |
| M        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ~m,max~, |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~d~ ≤   |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~d,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| and M~e~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~e,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~m,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| = 16 for |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length = |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.32 s;  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~m,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| = 8 for  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length = |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.64 s;  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~m,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| = 4 for  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length = |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28 s;  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~m,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| = 4 for  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length = |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.56 s.  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~d,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| =        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 4\*M     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ~m,max~, |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~e,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| =        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2\*M     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ~m,max~. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Applies  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| FR2-2    |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| class    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2&3. For |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| FR2-2    |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| class 1, |          |          |          |          |          |
| N1 = 12  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for all  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length.  |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

The UE shall restart the measurements upon exceeding M~m,max~, M~d,max~,
or M~e,max~.

#### 4.2A.2.4 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells when subject to CCA on the target cell

The UE shall be able to identify new inter-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of identified inter-frequency cells if
carrier frequency information is provided by the serving cell, even if
no explicit neighbour list with physical layer cell identities is
provided.

When the inter-frequency measurement is performed on a neighbour cell in
FR2-2 with shared spectrum channel access, UE shall determine the CCA
mode of the neighbour cell according to *channelAccessMode2-r17*of the
cell configured in *SIB4*. If *channelAccessMode2-r17* of the cell is
enabled, UE shall assume that CCA applies to the cell and perform
measurement accordingly, and the requirements in clause 4.2A.2.4 shall
apply; otherwise, UE shall assume that CCA does not apply to the cell
and perform measurement accordingly, and requirements in clause 4.2.2.4
shall apply.

If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at least
every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2A.2.7.

If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the UE
shall search for and measure inter-frequency layers of higher, equal or
lower priority in preparation for possible reselection. In this
scenario, the minimum rate at which the UE is required to search for and
measure higher priority layers shall be the same as that defined below
in this clause.

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
inter-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS
38.304 \[1\] within K~carrier~ \* T~detect,NR\_Inter~ + K~carrier\_CCA~
\* T~detect,NR\_Inter\_CCA~ if at least carrier frequency information is
provided for inter-frequency neighbour cells by the serving cells when
T~reselection~ = 0 provided that the reselection criteria is met by a
margin of at least 5 dB in FR1 or 6.5dB in FR2-2 for reselections based
on ranking or 6dB in FR1 or 7.5 dB in FR2-2 for SS-RSRP reselections
based on absolute priorities or 4dB in FR1 and 4 dB in FR2-2 for SS-RSRQ
reselections based on absolute priorities. The parameter K~carrier~ is
the number of NR inter-frequency carriers on licensed band and
K~carrier\_CCA~ is the number of NR inter-frequency carriers on
unlicensed band indicated by the serving cell. An inter-frequency cell
is considered to be detectable according to the conditions defined in
annex B.1.3A for a corresponding Band.

When higher priority cells are found by the higher priority search, they
shall be measured at least every T~measure,NR\_Inter\_CCA~. If after
detecting a cell in a higher priority search, it is determined that
reselection has not occurred then the UE is not required to continuously
measure the detected cell to evaluate the ongoing possibility of
reselection. However, the minimum measurement filtering requirements
specified later in this clause shall still be met by the UE before it
makes any determination that it may stop measuring the cell. If the UE
detects on a NR carrier a cell whose physical identity is indicated as
not allowed for that carrier in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell, the UE is not required to perform
measurements on that cell.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ at least every K~carrier~ \*
T~measure,NR\_Inter~ + K~carrier\_CCA~ \* T~measure,NR\_Inter\_CCA~ for
identified lower or equal priority inter-frequency cells. If the UE
detects on a NR carrier a cell whose physical identity is indicated as
not allowed for that carrier in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell, the UE is not required to perform
measurements on that cell.

**For a cell that is already identified, after *2* unsuccessful
measurement attempts due to exceeding the maximum number of SMTC
occasions not available at the UE, the UE shall detect cells on any of
the configured serving- and/or non-serving carriers.**

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
higher, lower and equal priority inter-frequency cell using at least 2
measurements. Within the set of measurements used for the filtering, at
least two measurements shall be spaced by at least
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_CCA~/2.

The UE shall not consider a NR neighbour cell in cell reselection, if it
is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an inter-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the inter-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined TS 38.304 \[1\] within K~carrier~ \*
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ + K~carrier\_CCA~ \* T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_CCA~
when T~reselection~ = 0 as specified in table 4.2A.2.4-1 provided that
the reselection criteria is met by

\- the condition when performing equal priority reselection and

when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:

\- the cell is at least 5 dB better ranked in FR1 or 6.5 dB better
ranked in FR2-2 or.

when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:

\- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value \[1\] is within *rangeToBestCell* of the
cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest ranked cell.

\- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank among
them

\- the cell is at least 5 dB better ranked in FR1 or 6.5 dB better
ranked in FR2-2 if the current serving cell is among them. or

\- 6 dB in FR1 or 7.5 dB in FR2-2 for SS-RSRP reselections based on
absolute priorities or

\- 4 dB in FR1 or 4 dB in FR2-2 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on
absolute priorities.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and inter-frequency cells.

If T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and the inter-frequency
cell is satisfied with the reselection criteria, the UE shall evaluate
this inter-frequency cell for the T~reselection~ time. If this cell
remains satisfied with the reselection criteria within this duration,
then the UE shall reselect that cell.

The UE is not expected to meet the measurement requirements for an
inter-frequency carrier under DRX cycle=320 ms defined in table
4.2A.2.4-1 under the following conditions:

\- T~SMTC\_intra~ = T~SMTC\_inter~ = 160 ms; where T~SMTC\_intra~ and
T~SMTC\_inter~ are periodicities of the SMTC occasions configured for
the intra-frequency carrier and the inter-frequency carrier
respectively, and

\- SMTC occasions configured for the inter-frequency carrier occur up to
1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms after the end of the SMTC occasions
configured for the intra-frequency carrier, and

\- SMTC occasions configured for the intra-frequency carrier and for the
inter-frequency carrier occur up to 1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms
after the end of the paging occasion \[1\].

Table 4.2A.2.4-1: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_CCA,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter\_CCA~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_CCA~

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| DRX      | Scaling  | T~detect | T        | T~       |          |
| cycle    | Factor   | ,NR\_Int | ~measure | evaluate |          |
| length   | (N1)     | er\_CCA~ | ,NR\_Int | ,NR\_Int |          |
| \[s\]    |          | \[s\]    | er\_CCA~ | er\_CCA~ |          |
|          |          | (number  | \[s\]    |          |          |
|          |          | of DRX   | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
|          |          | cycles)  | of DRX   | (number  |          |
|          |          |          | cycles)  | of DRX   |          |
|          |          |          |          | cycles)  |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | **FR1**  | **       |          |          |          |
|          |          | FR2-2^No |          |          |          |
|          |          | te\ 5^** |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.32     | 1        | 12       | 0.32     | 0.32xN1x | 0        |
|          |          |          | xN1x(36+ | (4+M~m~) | .32xN1x( |
|          |          |          | M~d~)xM2 | xM2      | 16+M~e~) |
|          |          |          |          |          | x M2     |
|          |          |          | {        | {(4+M~m~ |          |
|          |          |          | (36+M~d~ | )xN1xM2} | {(16+    |
|          |          |          | )xN1xM2} |          | M~e~)xN1 |
|          |          |          |          |          | xM2}     |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.64     |          | 8        | 0        | 0.64xN1x | 0.64xN1x |
|          |          |          | .64xN1x( | (2+M~m~) | (8+M~e~) |
|          |          |          | 28+M~d~) |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | {(2+     | {(8+     |
|          |          |          | {(28+    | M~m~)xN1 | M~e~)xN1 |
|          |          |          | M~d~)xN1 | }        | }        |
|          |          |          | }        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 1.28     |          | 6        | 1        | 1.28xN1x | 1.28xN1x |
|          |          |          | .28xN1x( | (1+M~m~) | (5+M~e~) |
|          |          |          | 25+M~d~) |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | {(1+     | {(5+M    |
|          |          |          | {(25+    | M~m~)xN1 | ~e~)xN1} |
|          |          |          | M~d~)xN1 | }        |          |
|          |          |          | }        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     |          | 5        | 2        | 2.56xN1x | 2.56xN1x |
|          |          |          | .56xN1x( | (1+M~m~) | (3+M~e~) |
|          |          |          | 23+M~d~) |          |          |
|          |          |          |          | {(1+     | {(3+M    |
|          |          |          | {(23+    | M~m~)xN1 | ~e~)xN1} |
|          |          |          | M~d~)xN1 | }        |          |
|          |          |          | }        |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Md, Mm,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Me are   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| groups   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| con      |          |          |          |          |          |
| secutive |          |          |          |          |          |
| N1 DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| each     |          |          |          |          |          |
| group    |          |          |          |          |          |
| with at  |          |          |          |          |          |
| least    |          |          |          |          |          |
| one SMTC |          |          |          |          |          |
| occasion |          |          |          |          |          |
| not      |          |          |          |          |          |
| a        |          |          |          |          |          |
| vailable |          |          |          |          |          |
| at the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| during   |          |          |          |          |          |
| T        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ~detect, |          |          |          |          |          |
| NR\_Inte |          |          |          |          |          |
| r\_CCA~, |          |          |          |          |          |
| T        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ~measure |          |          |          |          |          |
| ,NR\_Int |          |          |          |          |          |
| er\_CCA~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| T~e      |          |          |          |          |          |
| valuate, |          |          |          |          |          |
| NR\_Inte |          |          |          |          |          |
| r\_CCA~, |          |          |          |          |          |
| and M~m~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          |          |          |          |
| M        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ~m,max~, |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~d~ ≤   |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~d,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| and M~e~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~e,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~m,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| = 16 for |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length = |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.32s;   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~m,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| = 8 for  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length = |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.64s;   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~m,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| = 4 for  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length = |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28s;   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~m,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| = 4 for  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length = |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.56s    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~d,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| =        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 4\*M     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ~m,max~, |          |          |          |          |          |
| M~e,max~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| =        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2\*M     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ~m,max~. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| Note 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Applies  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| FR2-2    |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| class    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2&3. For |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| FR2-2    |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| class 1, |          |          |          |          |          |
| N1 = 12  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for all  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length.  |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

The UE shall restart the measurements upon exceeding M~m,max~, M~d,max~,
or M~e,max~.

#### 4.2A.2.5 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells when subject to CCA on the serving cell

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.5 shall apply.

#### 4.2A.2.6 Maximum interruption in paging reception when subject to CCA on the target cell

UE shall perform the cell re-selection with minimum interruption in
monitoring downlink channels for paging reception.

At intra-frequency and inter-frequency cell re-selection, the UE shall
monitor the downlink of serving cell for paging reception until the UE
is capable to start monitoring downlink channels of the target
intra-frequency and inter-frequency cell for paging reception. The
interruption time shall not exceed T~SI,CCA~ +
2\*T~target\_cell\_SMTC\_period~.

At inter-RAT cell re-selection, the UE shall monitor the downlink of
serving cell for paging reception until the UE is capable to start
monitoring downlink channels for paging reception of the target
inter-RAT cell. For NR to E-UTRAN cell re-selection the interruption
time shall not exceed T~SI-EUTRA~ + 55 ms.

T~SI\_CCA~ is the time required for receiving all the relevant system
information data according to the reception procedure and the RRC
procedure delay of system information blocks defined in TS 38.331 \[2\]
for an NR cell.

T~SI-EUTRA~ is the time required for receiving all the relevant system
information data according to the reception procedure and the RRC
procedure delay of system information blocks defined in TS 36.331 \[16\]
for an E-UTRAN cell.

These requirements assume sufficient radio conditions, so that decoding
of system information can be made without errors and does not take into
account cell re-selection failure.

#### 4.2A.2.7 General requirements

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.7 shall apply.

4.2B Cell Re-selection for RedCap
---------------------------------

### 4.2B.1 Introduction

The terms SSB and SMTC in this clause apply to CD-SSB only if not
specified otherwise.

The 1 Rx RedCap UE for performing the cell reselection procedure \[1\]
applies:

*- Qrxlevmin* as the signaled value of *Qrxlevmin* \[2\] -1 dB.

*- Qqualmin* as the signaled value of *Qqualmin* \[2\] -1 dB.

### 4.2B.2 Requirements

#### 4.2B.2.1 UE measurement capability for RedCap

##### 4.2B.2.1.1 UE measurement capability for 1 Rx RedCap

For idle mode cell re-selection purposes, and for UE supporting
*IdleInactiveMeasurements-r16* or *idleInactiveEUTRA-MeasReport-r16,*
the UE shall be capable of monitoring at least:

\- Intra-frequency carrier, and

\- Depending on UE capability, 6 NR inter-frequency carriers, and

\- Depending on UE capability, 6 FDD E-UTRA inter-RAT carriers, and

\- Depending on UE capability, 6 TDD E-UTRA inter-RAT carriers.

*In addition to the requirements defined above,* a UE supporting E-UTRA
measurements in RRC\_IDLE state shall be capable of monitoring a total
of at least 11 carrier frequency layers, which includes serving layer,
comprising of any above defined combination of E-UTRA FDD, E-UTRA TDD
and NR layers.

##### 4.2B.2.1.2 UE measurement capability for 2 Rx RedCap

The capability defined in section 4.2.2.1 apply for this section.

#### 4.2B.2.2 Measurement and evaluation of serving cell for RedCap UE

The UE shall measure the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ level of the serving cell
and evaluate the cell selection criterion S defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]
for the serving cell at least once every M1\*N1 DRX cycle; where:

\- M1=2 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and DRX cycle ≤ 0.64
second,

\- otherwise M1=1.

The UE shall filter the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the serving
cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used
for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by, at
least eDRX\_IDLE cycle/2, if the UE is configured with eDRX cycle ≤
10.24 s; otherwise DRX cycle/2.

If the UE is not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and the UE has
evaluated according to table 4.2B.2.2-1 for both 1Rx RedCap and 2Rx
RedCap in N~serv\_RedCap~ consecutive DRX cycles that the serving cell
does not fulfil the cell selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate
the measurements of all neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell,
regardless of the measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement
activities. In this case the UE shall not relax measurements on any of
the neighbour cells even if UE has fulfilled the criteria for meeting
the relaxed measurement requirements defined clauses 4.2B.2.9.3,
4.2B.2.9.5, 4.2B.2.9.6, 4.2B.2.9.7, 4.2B.2.10.3, 4.2B.2.10.5,
4.2B.2.10.6, 4.2B.2.10.7, 4.2B.2.11.3, 4.2B.2.11.5, 4.2B.2.11.6, and
4.2B.2.11.7.

If the UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and has evaluated
according to table 4.2B.2.2-2 or table 4.2B.2.2-3, in N~serv\_RedCap~
consecutive eDRX cycles if eDRX\_IDLE cycle ≤ 10.24 s, otherwise
N~serv\_RedCap~ consecutive DRX cycles within a single PTW that the
serving cell does not fulfil the cell selection criterion S, the UE
shall initiate the measurements of all neighbour cells indicated by the
serving cell, regardless of the measurement rules currently limiting UE
measurement activities. In this case the UE shall not relax measurements
on any of the neighbour cells even if UE has fulfilled the criteria for
meeting the relaxed measurement requirements defined clauses 4.2B.2.9.3,
4.2B.2.9.5, 4.2B.2.9.6, 4.2B.2.9.7, 4.2B.2.10.3, 4.2B.2.10.5,
4.2B.2.10.6, 4.2B.2.10.7, 4.2B.2.11.3, 4.2B.2.11.5, 4.2B.2.11.6, and
4.2B.2.11.7.

For the UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, N~serv\_RedCap~ is
specified in table 4.2B.2.2-2 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap in FR1 and
in table 4.2B.2.2-3 for FR2 for 2 Rx RedCap.

If the UE in RRC\_IDLE has not found any new suitable cell based on
searches and measurements using the intra-frequency, inter-frequency and
inter-RAT information indicated in the system information during the
time T, the UE shall initiate cell selection procedures for the selected
PLMN as defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], where

\- T= 10 s if the UE is not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, or

\- T= MAX (10 s, one eDRX\_IDLE cycle) if the UE is configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle in FR1, or

\- T= MAX (10 s, N1\* eDRX\_IDLE cycle) if the UE is configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle less than 20.48 s in FR2,

\- Otherwise, T= MAX (10 s, one eDRX\_IDLE cycle) if the UE is
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle no less than 20.48 s in FR2

Table 4.2B.2.2-1: N~serv\_RedCap~

  ------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ------------------------------------------ -----------
  DRX cycle length \[s\]                                  Scaling Factor (N1)   N~serv\_RedCap~ \[number of DRX cycles\]   
                                                          FR1                   FR2^Note1^                                 
  0.32                                                    1                     8                                          M1\*N1\*4
  0.64                                                                          5                                          M1\*N1\*4
  1.28                                                                          4                                          N1\*2
  2.56                                                                          3                                          N1\*2
  NOTE 1: Applies for RedCap UE of all FR2 power class.                                                                    
  ------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ------------------------------------------ -----------

Table 4.2B.2.2-2: N~serv\_RedCap~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE  | DRX cycle   | PTW length  | Scaling     | N~se        |
| cycle       | length      | \[s\]       | Factor (N1) | rv\_RedCap~ |
| length      | \[s\]       | (***number  |             | \[number of |
| \[s\]       |             | of 1.28 s   |             | DRX or eDRX |
|             |             | periods***) |             | cycles      |
|             |             |             |             | ^Note\ 3^\] |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2.56        | N/A         | N/A         | 1           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 5.12        | N/A         | N/A         |             | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 10.24       | N/A         | N/A         |             | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 20.48 ≤     | 0.32        | ≥\[1.28\]   |             | N1\*M1\*2   |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             | (1)         |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| ≤10485.76   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 0.64        | ≥ 1.28 (1)  |             | N1\*M1\*2   |
|             |             | (M1=1) or ≥ |             |             |
|             |             | 2.56 (2)    |             |             |
|             |             | (M1=2)      |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 1.28        | ≥2.56 (2)   |             | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2.56        | ≥5.12 (4)   |             | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: The |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| DRX cycles  |             |             |             |             |
| in this     |             |             |             |             |
| table       |             |             |             |             |
| corresponds |             |             |             |             |
| to the DRX  |             |             |             |             |
| cycles      |             |             |             |             |
| within      |             |             |             |             |
| PTWs, when  |             |             |             |             |
| PTW is      |             |             |             |             |
| configured. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: The |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             |             |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| lengths are |             |             |             |             |
| as          |             |             |             |             |
| specified   |             |             |             |             |
| in section  |             |             |             |             |
| 10.5.5.32   |             |             |             |             |
| of TS       |             |             |             |             |
| 24.008      |             |             |             |             |
| \[42\].     |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 3:     |             |             |             |             |
| Number of   |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX cycles |             |             |             |             |
| when        |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             |             |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| equals 2.56 |             |             |             |             |
| s, 5.12 s   |             |             |             |             |
| and 10.24   |             |             |             |             |
| s.          |             |             |             |             |
| Otherwise,  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| DRX cycles. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 4: The |             |             |             |             |
| lower bound |             |             |             |             |
| of *PTW     |             |             |             |             |
| length is   |             |             |             |             |
| derived     |             |             |             |             |
| based on*   |             |             |             |             |
| $\left      |             |             |             |             |
| \lceil \fra |             |             |             |             |
| c{\text{Nse |             |             |             |             |
| rv}\_ RedCa |             |             |             |             |
| p\ *DRX\_ c |             |             |             |             |
| ycle}{1.28} |             |             |             |             |
|  \right\rce |             |             |             |             |
| il*1.28$*.* |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 4.2B.2.2-3: N~serv\_RedCap~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle (Frequency range FR2)

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE  | DRX cycle   | PTW length  | Scaling     | N~se        |
| cycle       | length      | \[s\]       | Factor (N1) | rv\_RedCap~ |
| length      | \[s\]       | (***number  | ^Note1^     | \[number of |
| \[s\]       |             | of 1.28 s   |             | DRX or eDRX |
|             |             | periods***) |             | cycles      |
|             |             |             |             | ^Note\ 4^\] |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2.56        | N/A         | N/A         | 3           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 5.12        | N/A         | N/A         | 3           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 10.24       | N/A         | N/A         | 3           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 20.48 ≤     | 0.32        | ≥5.12 (4)   | 8           | N1\*2       |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             |             |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| ≤10485.76   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 0.64        | ≥6.4 (5)    | 5           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 1.28        | ≥10.24 (8)  | 4           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2.56        | ≥15.36 (12) | 3           | N1\*2       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1:     |             |             |             |             |
| Applies for |             |             |             |             |
| RedCap UE   |             |             |             |             |
| of all FR2  |             |             |             |             |
| power       |             |             |             |             |
| class.      |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: The |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| DRX cycles  |             |             |             |             |
| in this     |             |             |             |             |
| table       |             |             |             |             |
| corresponds |             |             |             |             |
| to the DRX  |             |             |             |             |
| cycles      |             |             |             |             |
| within      |             |             |             |             |
| PTWs, when  |             |             |             |             |
| PTW is      |             |             |             |             |
| configured. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 3: The |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             |             |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| lengths are |             |             |             |             |
| as          |             |             |             |             |
| specified   |             |             |             |             |
| in section  |             |             |             |             |
| 10.5.5.32   |             |             |             |             |
| of TS       |             |             |             |             |
| 24.008      |             |             |             |             |
| \[42\].     |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 4:     |             |             |             |             |
| Number of   |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX cycles |             |             |             |             |
| when        |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX\_IDLE  |             |             |             |             |
| cycle       |             |             |             |             |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| equals 2.56 |             |             |             |             |
| s, 5.12 s   |             |             |             |             |
| and 10.24   |             |             |             |             |
| s.          |             |             |             |             |
| Otherwise,  |             |             |             |             |
| number of   |             |             |             |             |
| DRX cycles. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 5: The |             |             |             |             |
| lower bound |             |             |             |             |
| of *PTW     |             |             |             |             |
| length is   |             |             |             |             |
| derived     |             |             |             |             |
| based on*   |             |             |             |             |
| $\left      |             |             |             |             |
| \lceil \fra |             |             |             |             |
| c{\text{Nse |             |             |             |             |
| rv}\_ RedCa |             |             |             |             |
| p\ *DRX\_ c |             |             |             |             |
| ycle}{1.28} |             |             |             |             |
|  \right\rce |             |             |             |             |
| il*1.28$*.* |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| *NOTE 6:    |             |             |             |             |
| When        |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX=20.48  |             |             |             |             |
| s and       |             |             |             |             |
| DRX=0.32 s, |             |             |             |             |
| UE is       |             |             |             |             |
| allowed to  |             |             |             |             |
| perform     |             |             |             |             |
| cell        |             |             |             |             |
| evaluation  |             |             |             |             |
| within PTW  |             |             |             |             |
| in every 2  |             |             |             |             |
| eDRX        |             |             |             |             |
| cycles.*    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

For any requirement in this section, when the UE transitions between any
two states when being configured with eDRX\_IDLE, changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, or changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the
transition requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the
two requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 4.2B.2.3 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells for RedCap UE

The UE shall be able to identify new intra-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the identified intra-frequency cells
without an explicit intra-frequency neighbour list containing physical
layer cell identities.

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
intra-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304
\[1\] within T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ when that T~reselection~= 0 .
An intra frequency cell is considered to be detectable according to the
conditions defined in Annex B.1.4 for a corresponding Band.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ at least every
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ for intra-frequency cells that are
identified and measured according to the measurement rules.

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
intra-frequency cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of
measurements used for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be
spaced by at least T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~/2.

The UE shall not consider an NR neighbour cell for cell reselection, if
it is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an intra-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the intra-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] within
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ when T~reselection~ = 0 provided that:

> when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:

\- the cell is at least 3 dB better ranked in FR1 or 4.5 dB better
ranked in FR2 for 2 Rx RedCap.

\- the cell is at least 4 dB better ranked in FR1 for 1 Rx RedCap.

when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:

\- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value in TS 38.304 \[1\] is within
*rangeToBestCell* of the cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest
ranked cell.

\- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank among
them.

\- the cell is at least 3 dB better ranked in FR1 or 4.5 dB better
ranked in FR2 if the current serving cell is among them for 2 Rx RedCap.

\- the cell is at least 4 dB better ranked in FR1 if the current serving
cell is among them for 1 Rx RedCap.

The 1 Rx RedCap UE applies *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* as the
signalled value of *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* \[2\] + 1 dB.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and non-serving intra-frequency cells.

If the T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and an intra-frequency
cell satisfies the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], the
UE shall evaluate this intra-frequency cell for the T~reselection~ time.
If this cell remains satisfied with the reselection criteria within this
duration, then the UE shall reselect this cell.

For both 1Rx RedCap and 2Rx RedCap not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ are specified in table 4.2B.2.3-1

For 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ are specified in table 4.2B.2.3-2 and
table 4.2B.2.3-3 for FR1 and FR2 respectively, where the requirements
apply provided that the serving cell is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and
the DRX cycle length is same in all PTWs during any of
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ when multiple PTWs are used.

Table 4.2B.2.3-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| DRX      | Scaling  | T~d      | T~me     | T~eva    |          |
| cycle    | Factor   | etect,NR | asure,NR | luate,NR |          |
| length   | (N1)     | \_Intra\ | \_Intra\ | \_Intra\ |          |
| \[s\]    |          | _RedCap~ | _RedCap~ | _RedCap~ |          |
|          |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |          |          |
|          |          | (number  | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
|          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | (number  |          |
|          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | of DRX   |          |
|          |          |          |          | cycles)  |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | FR1      | FR       |          |          |          |
|          |          | 2^Note1^ |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.32     | 1        | 8        | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  |
|          |          |          | (36 x N1 | (4 x N1  | (16 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x M2)    | x M2)    | x M2)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.64     |          | 5        | 17.92 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 (28 x | N1 (2 x  | N1 (8 x  |
|          |          |          | N1)      | N1)      | N1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 1.28     |          | 4        | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | (25 x    | N1 (1 x  | (5 x N1) |
|          |          |          | N1)      | N1)      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     |          | 3        | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 (23 x | N1 (1 x  | N1 (3 x  |
|          |          |          | N1)      | N1)      | N1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Applies  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| RedCap   |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE of    |          |          |          |          |          |
| all FR2  |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| class.   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1. If |          |          |          |          |          |
| d        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ifferent |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| perio    |          |          |          |          |          |
| dicities |          |          |          |          |          |
| are      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| d        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ifferent |          |          |          |          |          |
| cells,   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the SMTC |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| note is  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the one  |          |          |          |          |          |
| used by  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the cell |          |          |          |          |          |
| being    |          |          |          |          |          |
| ide      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ntified. |          |          |          |          |          |
| During   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PSS/SSS  |          |          |          |          |          |
| de       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tection, |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| carrier  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| assumed, |          |          |          |          |          |
| and if   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| actual   |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| greater  |          |          |          |          |          |
| than the |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| carrier, |          |          |          |          |          |
| longer   |          |          |          |          |          |
| T~det    |          |          |          |          |          |
| ect,\ NR |          |          |          |          |          |
| \_intra\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _RedCap~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| e        |          |          |          |          |          |
| xpected. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.3-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~d      | T~me     | T~eva    |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | etect,NR | asure,NR | luate,NR |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | \_Intra\ | \_Intra\ | \_Intra\ |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | _RedCap~ | _RedCap~ | _RedCap~ |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          | s        | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          | periods) | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | cycles   | cycles   | cycles   |
|          |          |          | or eDRX  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  |
|          |          |          | cycles   | cycles   | cycles   |
|          |          |          | ^N       | ^N       | ^N       |
|          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 2.56     | \-       | \-       | 58.88    | 2.56 (1) | 7.68 (3) |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 5.12     | \-       | \-       | 117.76   | 5.12 (1) | 10.24    |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 10.24    | \-       | \-       | 235.52   | 10.24    | 20.48    |
|          |          |          | (23)     | (1)      | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | $$       | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (1)      | \text{eD | M2 (1 x  | M2 (2 x  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | RX}\_\te | M2)      | M2)      |
| cycle    |          |          | xt{cycl} |          |          |
| length   |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          | th \time |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | s \left\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | lceil \f |          |          |
|          |          |          | rac{23}{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | PTW/DRX\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | _ cycle\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | _ length |          |          |
|          |          |          | } \right |          |          |
|          |          |          | \rceil$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | \(23\)   |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | (2)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | (4)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs,    |          |          |          |          |          |
| when PTW |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| con      |          |          |          |          |          |
| figured. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of eDRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| when     |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.56 s,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 5.12 s   |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10.24 s. |          |          |          |          |          |
| Ot       |          |          |          |          |          |
| herwise, |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles.  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Intra\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 2   |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.3-3: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **T     | **T~    | **T~e   |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | ~detect | measure | valuate |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | tra\_Re | tra\_Re | tra\_Re |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | dCap~** | dCap~** | dCap\ ~ |
|         |         | s       |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | **\[s\] |
|         |         | p       |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         | eriods) |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | or eDRX | or eDRX | or eDRX |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | ^No     | ^No     | ^No     |
|         |         |         |         | te\ 4^) | te\ 4^) | te\ 4^) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 2.56    | \-      | \-      | 3       | 58.88 x | 2.56 x  | 7.68 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 (23  | N1 (1 x | N1 (3 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1)   | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 5.12    | \-      | \-      | 3       | 117.76  | 5.12 x  | 10.24 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1    | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | N1)     | N1)     |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 10.24   | \-      | \-      | 3       | 235.52  | 10.24 x | 20.48 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1    | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | N1)     | N1)     |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥5.12   | 8       | $$\t    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (4)     |         | ext{eDR | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | X}\_\te | N1)     | N1)     |
| cycle   |         |         |         | xt{cycl |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | }e\_ le |         |         |
| ≤1      |         |         |         | ngth \t |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         | imes \l |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eft\lce |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | il \fra |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | c{23 \t |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | imes N1 |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | }{PTW/D |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | RX\_ cy |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | cle\_ l |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ength}  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \right\ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | rceil$$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥6.4    | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (5)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥10.24  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (8)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | ≥15.36  | 3       |         | 2.56 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         | (12)    |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| when    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW is  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| conf    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| igured. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of eDRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| when    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equals  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2.56 s, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 5.12 s  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| and     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10.24   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s.      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Oth     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erwise, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of *PTW |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on*     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\lef   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\lceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  \frac{ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Tevalua |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| te,NR\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  Intra\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _ RedCa |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| p*DRX\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  cycle} |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {1.28}  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \right\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rceil*1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .28$*.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *NOTE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6: When |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X=20.48 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s and   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| D       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RX=0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| allowed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| perform |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| every 2 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ycles.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

For any requirement in this section, when the UE transitions between any
two states when being configured with eDRX\_IDLE, changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, or changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the
transition requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the
two requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 4.2B.2.4 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells for RedCap UE

The UE shall be able to identify new inter-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of identified inter-frequency cells if
carrier frequency information is provided by the serving cell, even if
no explicit neighbour list with physical layer cell identities is
provided.

If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at least
every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2.2.7.

If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the UE
shall search for and measure inter-frequency layers of higher, equal, or
lower priority in preparation for possible reselection. In this
scenario, the minimum rate at which the UE is required to search for and
measure higher priority layers shall be the same as that defined below
in this clause.

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
inter-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304
\[1\] within K~carrier\_RedCap~ \* T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ if at
least carrier frequency information is provided for inter-frequency
neighbour cells by the serving cells when T~reselection~ = 0 provided
that the reselection criteria is met

For 2 Rx RedCap by a margin of at least

5 dB in FR1 or 6.5 dB in FR2 for reselections based on ranking or

6 dB in FR1 or 7.5 dB in FR2 for SS-RSRP reselections based on absolute
priorities or

4 dB in FR1 and 4 dB in FR2 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on absolute
priorities

For 1 Rx RedCap by a margin of at least

6 dB in FR1 for reselections based on ranking or

7 dB in FR1 for SS-RSRP reselections based on absolute priorities or

5 dB in FR1 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on absolute priorities.

The parameter K~carrier\_RedCap~ is the number of NR inter-frequency
carriers indicated by the serving cell. An inter-frequency cell is
considered to be detectable according to the conditions defined in Annex
B.1.5 for a corresponding Band. When higher priority cells are found by
the higher priority search, they shall be measured at least every
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~. If, after detecting a cell in a higher
priority search, it is determined that reselection has not occurred then
the UE is not required to continuously measure the detected cell to
evaluate the ongoing possibility of reselection. However, the minimum
measurement filtering requirements specified later in this clause shall
still be met by the UE before it makes any determination that it may
stop measuring the cell. If the UE detects on a NR carrier a cell whose
physical identity is indicated as not allowed for that carrier in the
measurement control system information of the serving cell, the UE is
not required to perform measurements on that cell.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ at least every
K~carrier\_RedCap~ \* T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ for identified lower
or equal priority inter-frequency cells. If the UE detects on a NR
carrier a cell whose physical identity is indicated as not allowed for
that carrier in the measurement control system information of the
serving cell, the UE is not required to perform measurements on that
cell.

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
higher, lower and equal priority inter-frequency cell using at least 2
measurements. Within the set of measurements used for the filtering, at
least two measurements shall be spaced by at least
T~measure,NR\_Inter~/2.

The UE shall not consider a NR neighbour cell in cell reselection, if it
is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an inter-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the inter-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined TS 38.304 \[1\] within K~carrier~ \*
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ when T~reselection~ = 0 provided that the
reselection criteria is met by

\- the condition when performing equal priority reselection and

\- when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:

\- the cell is at least 5 dB better ranked in FR1 or 6.5 dB better
ranked in FR2 for 2 Rx RedCap.

\- the cell is at least 6 dB better ranked in FR1 for 1 Rx RedCap.

\- when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:

\- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] is within
*rangeToBestCell* of the cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest
ranked cell.

\- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank among
them

\- the cell is at least 5 dB better ranked in FR1 or 6.5 dB better
ranked in FR2 if the current serving cell is among them, or 6 dB in FR1
or 7.5 dB in FR2 for SS-RSRP reselections based on absolute priorities
for 2 Rx RedCap or 4 dB in FR1 or 4 dB in FR2 for SS-RSRQ reselections
based on absolute priorities for 2 Rx RedCap.

\- the cell is at least 6 dB better ranked in FR1 if the current serving
cell is among them, or 7 dB in FR1 for SS-RSRP reselections based on
absolute priorities or 5 dB in FR1 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on
absolute priorities for 1 Rx RedCap.

The 1 Rx RedCap UE applies *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* as the
signalled value of *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* \[2\] + 1 dB.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and inter-frequency cells.

If the T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and the inter-frequency
cell satisfies the reselection criteria, the UE shall evaluate this
inter-frequency cell for the T~reselection~ time. If this cell remains
satisfied with the reselection criteria within this duration, then the
UE shall reselect this cell.

The UE is not expected to meet the measurement requirements for an
inter-frequency carrier under DRX cycle=320 ms defined in table
4.2B.2.4-1 for both 1Rx RedCap and 2Rx RedCap under the following
conditions:

\- T~SMTC\_intra~ = T~SMTC\_inter~ = 160 ms; where T~SMTC\_intra~ and
T~SMTC\_inter~ are periodicities of the SMTC occasions configured for
the intra-frequency carrier and the inter-frequency carrier
respectively, and

\- SMTC occasions configured for the inter-frequency carrier occur up to
1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms after the end of the SMTC occasions
configured for the intra-frequency carrier, and

\- SMTC occasions configured for the intra-frequency carrier and for the
inter-frequency carrier occur up to 1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms
after the end of the paging occasion defined in TS 38.304 \[1\].

For 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~ T~measure,NR\_\ Inter\ \_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter\ \_RedCap~ are specified in table 4.2B.2.4.1-1.

For 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
T~detect,NR\_\ Inter\ \_RedCap,~ T~measure,NR\_\ Inter\ \_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter\ \_RedCap~ are specified in table 4.2B.2.4-2 and
table 4.2B.2.4-3 for FR1 and FR2 respectively. The requirements apply
provided that the serving cell is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and the DRX
cycle length is same in all PTWs during any of
T~detect,NR\_\ Inter\ \_RedCap,~ T~measure,NR\_\ Inter\ \_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter\ \_RedCap~ when multiple PTWs are used.

Table 4.2B.2.4-1: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~

  DRX cycle length \[s\]                                  Scaling Factor (N1)   T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)   
  ------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------------
                                                          FR1                   FR2^Note1^                                                                                                                                                                          
  0.32                                                    1                     8                                                          11.52 x N1 x 1.5 (36 x N1 x 1.5)                            1.28 x N1 x 1.5 (4 x N1 x 1.5)                               5.12 x N1 x 1.5 (16 x N1 x 1.5)
  0.64                                                                          5                                                          17.92x N1 (28 x N1)                                         1.28 x N1 (2 x N1)                                           5.12 x N1 (8 x N1)
  1.28                                                                          4                                                          32 x N1 (25 x N1)                                           1.28 x N1 (1 x N1)                                           6.4 x N1 (5 x N1)
  2.56                                                                          3                                                          58.88 x N1 (23 x N1)                                        2.56 x N1 (1 x N1)                                           7.68 x N1 (3 x N1)
  NOTE 1: Applies for RedCap UE of all FR2 power class.                                                                                                                                                                                                             

Table 4.2B.2.4-2: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | **T~det  | **T~meas | *        |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | ect,NR\_ | ure,NR\_ | *T~evalu |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | Inter\_R | Inter\_R | ate,NR\_ |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | edCap~** | edCap~** | Inter\_R |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | edCap~** |
|          |          | s        | (number  | (number  | \[s\]    |
|          |          | periods) | of DRX   | of DRX   | (number  |
|          |          |          | cycles   | cycles   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | **or     | **or     | cycles   |
|          |          |          | eDRX     | eDRX     | **or     |
|          |          |          | cycles   | cycles   | eDRX     |
|          |          |          | ^Not     | ^Not     | cycles   |
|          |          |          | e\ 3^**) | e\ 3^**) | ^Not     |
|          |          |          |          |          | e\ 3^**) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     | \-       | \-       | 58.88    | 2.56 (1) | 7.68 (3) |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 5.12     | \-       | \-       | 117.76   | 5.12 (1) | 10.24    |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 10.24    | \-       | \-       | 235.52   | 10.24    | 20.48    |
|          |          |          | (23)     | (1)      | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | $$       | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (1)      | \text{eD | 1.5 (1 x | 1.5 (2 x |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | RX}\_\te | 1.5)     | 1.5)     |
| cycle    |          |          | xt{cycl} |          |          |
| length   |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          | th \time |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | s \left\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | lceil \f |          |          |
|          |          |          | rac{23}{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | PTW/DRX\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | _ cycle\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | _ length |          |          |
|          |          |          | } \right |          |          |
|          |          |          | \rceil$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | \(23\)   |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | (2)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | (4)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs,    |          |          |          |          |          |
| when PTW |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| con      |          |          |          |          |          |
| figured. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of eDRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| when     |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.56 s,  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 5.12 s   |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10.24 s. |          |          |          |          |          |
| Ot       |          |          |          |          |          |
| herwise, |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles.  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Inter\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.4-3: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **T     | **T~    | **T~e   |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | ~detect | measure | valuate |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | ter\_Re | ter\_Re | ter\_Re |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | dCap~** | dCap~** | dCap~** |
|         |         | s       |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | p       |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         | eriods) |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | **or    | **or    | **or    |
|         |         |         |         | eDRX    | eDRX    | eDRX    |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | ^Note   | ^Note   | ^Note   |
|         |         |         |         | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 2.56    | \-      | \-      | 3       | 58.88 x | 2.56 x  | 7.68 x  |
|         |         |         |         | N1 (23  | N1 (1 x | N1 (3 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1)   | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 5.12    | \-      | \-      | 3       | 117.76  | 5.12 x  | 10.24 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1    | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | N1)     | N1)     |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 10.24   | \-      | \-      | 3       | 235.52  | 10.24 x | 20.48 x |
|         |         |         |         | x N1    | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   | N1)     | N1)     |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥5.12   | 8       | $$\t    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (4)     |         | ext{eDR | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | X}\_\te | N1)     | N1)     |
| cycle   |         |         |         | xt{cycl |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | }e\_ le |         |         |
| ≤1      |         |         |         | ngth \t |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         | imes \l |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eft\lce |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | il \fra |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | c{23 \t |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | imes N1 |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | }{PTW/D |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | RX\_ cy |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | cle\_ l |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ength}  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \right\ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | rceil$$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥6.4    | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (5)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥10.24  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (8)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | ≥15.36  | 3       |         | 2.56 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         | (12)    |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| when    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW is  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| conf    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| igured. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of eDRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| when    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equals  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2.56 s, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 5.12 s  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| and     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10.24   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s.      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Oth     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erwise, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of *PTW |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on*     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\lef   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\lceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  \frac{ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Tevalua |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| te,NR\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  Inter\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _ RedCa |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| p*DRX\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  cycle} |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {1.28}  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \right\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rceil*1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .28$*.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *NOTE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 6: When |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X=20.48 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s and   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| D       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RX=0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| allowed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| perform |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| every 2 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ycles.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

For any requirement in this section, when the UE transitions between any
two states when being configured with eDRX\_IDLE, changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, or changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the
transition requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the
two requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 4.2B.2.5 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells for RedCap UE

If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
UE shall search for inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers of higher priority at least
every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2B.2.7.

If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the UE
shall search for and measure inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers of higher, lower
priority in preparation for possible reselection. In this scenario, the
minimum rate at which the UE is required to search for and measure
higher priority inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers shall be the same as that
defined below for lower priority RATs.

The requirements in this clause apply to inter-RAT E-UTRAN FDD
measurements and E-UTRA TDD measurements. When the measurement rules
indicate that inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells are to be measured, the UE shall
measure RSRP and RSRQ of detected E-UTRA cells in the neighbour
frequency list at the minimum measurement rate specified in this clause.

The parameter N~EUTRA\_carrier\_RedCap~ is the total number of
configured E-UTRA carriers in the neighbour frequency list. The UE shall
filter RSRP and RSRQ measurements of each measured E-UTRA cell using at
least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used for the
filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by at least
T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap~/2.

An inter-RAT E-UTRA cell is considered to be detectable provided the
following conditions are fulfilled:

\- the same conditions as for inter-frequency RSRP measurements
specified in TS 36.133 \[15\], annex B.1.2, are fulfilled for a
corresponding Band, and

\- the same conditions as for inter-frequency RSRQ measurements
specified in TS 36.133 \[15\], annex B.1.2, are fulfilled for a
corresponding Band.

\- SCH conditions specified in TS 36.133 \[15\], annex B.1.2, are
fulfilled for a corresponding Band

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable inter-RAT
E-UTRAN cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]
within (N~EUTRA\_carrier\_RedCap~) \* T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ when
Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ when
T~reselection~ = 0 provided that the reselection criteria are met by a
margin of at least 6dB for RSRP reselections based on absolute
priorities or 4dB for RSRQ reselections based on absolute priorities for
2 Rx RedCap and at least 6dB for RSRP reselections based on absolute
priorities or 4dB for RSRQ reselections based on absolute priorities for
1 Rx RedCap.

Cells which have been detected shall be measured at least every
(N~EUTRA\_carrier\_RedCap~) \* T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ when Srxlev ≤
S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~.

When higher priority cells are found by the higher priority search, they
shall be measured at least every T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap~. If, after
detecting a cell in a higher priority search, it is determined that
reselection has not occurred then the UE is not required to continuously
measure the detected cell to evaluate the ongoing possibility of
reselection. However, the minimum measurement filtering requirements
specified later in this clause shall still be met by the UE before it
makes any determination that it may stop measuring the cell.

If the UE detects on an inter-RAT E-UTRAN carrier, a cell whose physical
identity is indicated as not allowed for that carrier in the measurement
control system information of the serving cell, the UE is not required
to perform measurements on that cell.

The UE shall not consider an inter-RAT E-UTRA cell in cell reselection,
if it is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For a cell that has been already detected, but has not been reselected
to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be capable of
evaluating that an already identified inter-RAT E-UTRA cell has met
reselection criterion defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] within
(N~EUTRA\_carrier\_RedCap~) \* T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ when
T~reselection~ = 0 provided that the reselection criteria are met by a
margin of at least 6 dB for RSRP reselections based on absolute
priorities or 4 dB for RSRQ reselections based on absolute priorities
for 2 Rx RedCap and at least 6 dB for RSRP reselections based on
absolute priorities or 4 dB for RSRQ reselections based on absolute
priorities for 1 Rx RedCap.

If the T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and the inter-RAT
E-UTRA cell satisfies the reselection criteria defined in
TS 38.304 \[1\], the UE shall evaluate this E-UTRA cell for the
T~reselection~ time. If this cell remains satisfied with the reselection
criteria within this duration, then the UE shall reselect this cell.

For 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap not configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap,~ T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,\ E-UTRAN\_RedCap~ are specified in table 4.2B.2.5-1.

For 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap,~ T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,\ E-UTRAN\_RedCap~ are specified in table 4.2B.2.5-2, where
the requirements apply provided that the serving cell is configured with
eDRX\_IDLE and the DRX cycle length is the same in all PTWs during any
of T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap,~ T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,\ E-UTRAN\_RedCap~ when multiple PTWs are used.

Table 4.2B.2.5-1: T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap,~
and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap~

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~detect,E     | T~measure,E    | T~evaluate,E   |
| length \[s\]   | UTRAN\_RedCap~ | UTRAN\_RedCap~ | UTRAN\_RedCap~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0.32           | 11.52 (36)     | 1.28 (4)       | 5.12 (16)      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 (28)     | 1.28 (2)       | 5.12 (8)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32(25)         | 1.28 (1)       | 6.4 (5)        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 (23)     | 2.56 (1)       | 7.68 (3)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.5-2: T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap,~
and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~detect | T        | T~e      |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | ,EUTRAN\ | ~measure | valuate, |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | _RedCap~ | ,EUTRAN\ | E-UTRAN\ |
| length   | \[s\]    | (*       | \[s\]    | _RedCap~ | _RedCap~ |
| \[s\]    |          | **number | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
|          |          | of 1.28  | of DRX   | (number  | \[s\]    |
|          |          | s        | or eDRX  | of DRX   | (number  |
|          |          | per      | cycles   | or eDRX  | of DRX   |
|          |          | iods***) | ^N       | cycles   | or eDRX  |
|          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ^N       | cycles   |
|          |          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ^N       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ote\ 3^) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     | N/A      | N/A      | 58.88    | 2.56 (1) | 7.68 (3) |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 5.12     | N/A      | N/A      | 117.76   | 5.12 (1) | 10.24    |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 10.24    | N/A      | N/A      | 235.52   | 10.24    | 20.48    |
|          |          |          | (23)     | (1)      | (2)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | \(23\)   | 0.32 (1) | 0.64 (2) |
| eD       |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | (2)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | (4)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs, if |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW is   |          |          |          |          |          |
| con      |          |          |          |          |          |
| figured. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| Section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of eDRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| when     |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 2.56s,   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 5.12s,   |          |          |          |          |          |
| or       |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10.24s;  |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ot       |          |          |          |          |          |
| herwise. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,E - |          |          |          |          |          |
|  UTRAN\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| *NOTE 5: |          |          |          |          |          |
| When     |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDR      |          |          |          |          |          |
| X=20.48s |          |          |          |          |          |
| and      |          |          |          |          |          |
| DR       |          |          |          |          |          |
| X=0.32s, |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE is    |          |          |          |          |          |
| allowed  |          |          |          |          |          |
| to       |          |          |          |          |          |
| perform  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ev       |          |          |          |          |          |
| aluation |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| every 2  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles.* |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

For any requirement in this section, when the UE transitions between any
two states when being configured with eDRX\_IDLE, changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, or changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the
transition requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the
two requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 4.2B.2.6 Maximum interruption in paging reception for RedCap

The FDD, HD-FDD and TDD RedCap UE shall meet all applicable requirements
specified in clause 4.2.2.6. In addition, when the UE is configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle, the UE shall not miss any paging in a PTW provided the
paging is sent in at least 2 DRX cycles before the end of that PTW.

The 1 Rx RedCap in HD-FDD shall meet all applicable requirements
specified in clause 4.2.2.6 under the following conditions

\- at least 1 SSB is available at the UE in the serving cell during the
last 160 ms duration.

#### 4.2B.2.7 General requirements for RedCap

The requirements defined in section 4.2.2.7 apply for this section.

#### 4.2B.2.8 Minimum requirement at transitions

When switching from:

low mobility scenario to stationary scenario, or

from low mobility scenario to stationary and not-at-cell-edge scenario,

the UE shall fulfill the requirements corresponding to low mobility
scenario over measurement period (T~relaxed~) and thereafter switch to
requirements corresponding to stationary scenario, or stationary and
not-at-cell-edge scenario. The measurement period, T~relaxed~, is any
of:

\- T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~ defined in section 4.2B.2.9 for
intra-frequency measurements on NR cells,

\- T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ defined in section 4.2B.2.10 for
inter-frequency measurements on NR cells and

\- T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ defined in sections 4.2B.2.11 for
inter-RAT E-UTRAN measurements.

When switching from:

stationary scenario to low mobility scenario, or

stationary and not-at-cell-edge scenario to low mobility scenario,

the UE shall fulfill the requirements corresponding to low mobility
scenario upon fulfilling the switching criteria.

When switching from normal mode to low mobility scenario, stationary
scenario or stationary and not-at-cell edge scenario during
cell-reselection period, the UE shall fulfill the requirements
corresponding to normal mode over measurement period (T~normal~) and
thereafter switch to requirements corresponding to low mobility
scenario, stationary scenario or stationary and not-at-cell edge
scenario. The measurement period, T~normal~, is any of:

\- T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap,~
defined in section 4.2B.2.3 for intra-frequency measurements on NR
cells,

\- T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~
defined in section 4.2B.2.4 for inter-frequency measurements on NR cells
and

\- T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ defined in
sections 4.2B.2.5 for inter-RAT E-UTRAN measurements.

When switching from:

low mobility scenario to normal mode, or

stationary scenario to normal mode, or

stationary and not-at-cell-edge scenario to normal mode

the UE shall fulfill the requirements corresponding to normal mode upon
fulfilling the switching criteria.

No requirement is defined for multiple transitions of scenarios within
one measurement period.

#### 4.2B.2.9 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion for RedCap

##### 4.2B.2.9.1 Introduction

This clause contains the requirements for measurements on
intra-frequency NR cells when Srxlev ≤ S~IntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤
S~IntraSearchQ~ and when the UE is configured any of the following
relaxed measurement criteria:

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for a stationary UE defined in clause
5.2.4.9.3 in \[1\],

\- Relaxed measurement criteria for a stationary UE and not-at-cell edge
defined in clause 5.2.4.9.4 in \[1\],

\- Both low mobility criterion and stationary criterion as defined in
clauses 5.2.4.9.1 and 5.2.4.9.3 or 5.2.4.9.4 in \[1\] respectively.

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE with low mobility defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.1 in \[1\],

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE not-at-cell edge defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.2 in \[1\],

\- Both low mobility criterion and not-at-cell edge criterion as defined
in clauses 5.2.4.9.1 and 5.2.4.9.2 in \[1\] respectively.

##### 4.2B.2.9.2 Measurements for UE fulfilling stationary criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and UE is not configured with *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\]
criterion and UE has fulfilled the *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criterion and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] not configured, and UE has
fulfilled only the *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.3 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.2-1 and table 4.2B.2.9.2-2 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE up-to 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.2-3 and table 4.2B.2.9.2-4 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.2-5 and table 4.2B.2.9.2-6 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively, provided eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW window length.

Table 4.2B.2.9.2-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UEs fulfilling stationary
criterion for 1 Rx RedCap UE

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| length \[s\]   | ct,NR\_Intra\_ | re,NR\_Intra\_ | te,NR\_Intra\_ |
|                | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.32           | 11.52 x M2 x   | 1.28 x M2 x K3 | 5.12 x M2 x K3 |
|                | K3 (36 x M2 x  | (4 x M2 x K3)  | (16 x M2 x K3) |
|                | K3)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 x K3 (28 | 1.28 x K3 (2 x | 5.12 x K3 (8 x |
|                | x K3)          | K3)            | K3)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32 x K3 (25 x  | 1.28x K3 (1 x  | 6.4 x K3 (5 x  |
|                | K3)            | K3)            | K3)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K3 (23 | 2.56 x K3 (1 x | 7.68 x K3 (3 x |
|                | x K3)          | K3)            | K3)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: M2 =   |                |                |                |
| 1.5 if SMTC    |                |                |                |
| periodicity of |                |                |                |
| measured       |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| ntra-frequency |                |                |                |
| cell \> 20 ms; |                |                |                |
| otherwise      |                |                |                |
| M2=1. If       |                |                |                |
| different SMTC |                |                |                |
| periodicities  |                |                |                |
| are configured |                |                |                |
| for different  |                |                |                |
| cells, the     |                |                |                |
| SMTC           |                |                |                |
| periodicity in |                |                |                |
| this note is   |                |                |                |
| the one used   |                |                |                |
| by the cell    |                |                |                |
| being          |                |                |                |
| identified.    |                |                |                |
| During PSS/SSS |                |                |                |
| detection, the |                |                |                |
| periodicity of |                |                |                |
| the SMTC       |                |                |                |
| configured for |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| ntra-frequency |                |                |                |
| carrier is     |                |                |                |
| assumed, and   |                |                |                |
| if the actual  |                |                |                |
| SSB            |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
| periodicity is |                |                |                |
| greater than   |                |                |                |
| the SMTC       |                |                |                |
| configured for |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| ntra-frequency |                |                |                |
| carrier,       |                |                |                |
| longer         |                |                |                |
| T~detect       |                |                |                |
| ,\ NR\_Intra\_ |                |                |                |
| RedCap\_Relax~ |                |                |                |
| is expected.   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K3 = 6 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *s             |                |                |                |
| tationaryMobil |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.2-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UEs fulfilling stationary
criterion for 2 Rx RedCap UE

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| DRX      | Scaling  | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |          |
| cycle    | Factor   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |          |
| length   | (N1)     | R\_Intra | R\_Intra | R\_Intra |          |
| \[s\]    |          | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |          |
|          |          | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |          |
|          |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |          |          |
|          |          | (number  | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
|          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | (number  |          |
|          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | of DRX   |          |
|          |          |          |          | cycles)  |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | FR1      | FR       |          |          |          |
|          |          | 2^Note1^ |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.32     | 1        | 8        | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  |
|          |          |          | x K3 (36 | x K3 (4  | x K3 (16 |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | x N1 x   | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | M2 x K3) | M2 x K3) | M2 x K3) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.64     |          | 5        | 17.92 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K3  | N1 x K3  | N1 x K3  |
|          |          |          | (28 x N1 | (2 x N1  | (8 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K3)    | x K3)    | x K3)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 1.28     |          | 4        | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x K3 (25 | N1 x K3  | x K3 (5  |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | (1 x N1  | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | K3)      | x K3)    | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     |          | 3        | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K3  | N1 x K3  | N1 x K3  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K3)    | x K3)    | x K3)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Applies  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| RedCap   |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE of    |          |          |          |          |          |
| all      |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| FR2      |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| classes. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1. If |          |          |          |          |          |
| d        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ifferent |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| perio    |          |          |          |          |          |
| dicities |          |          |          |          |          |
| are      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| d        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ifferent |          |          |          |          |          |
| cells,   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the SMTC |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| note is  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the one  |          |          |          |          |          |
| used by  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the cell |          |          |          |          |          |
| being    |          |          |          |          |          |
| ide      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ntified. |          |          |          |          |          |
| During   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PSS/SSS  |          |          |          |          |          |
| de       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tection, |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| carrier  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| assumed, |          |          |          |          |          |
| and if   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| actual   |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| greater  |          |          |          |          |          |
| than the |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| carrier, |          |          |          |          |          |
| longer   |          |          |          |          |          |
| T~de     |          |          |          |          |          |
| tect,\ N |          |          |          |          |          |
| R\_Intra |          |          |          |          |          |
| \_RedCap |          |          |          |          |          |
| \_Relax~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| e        |          |          |          |          |          |
| xpected. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K3 = 6   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *stati   |          |          |          |          |          |
| onaryMob |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.2-3: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                          T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
  2.56                                                                                                                                   58.88 x K3 (23 x K3)                                                    2.56 x K3 (1 x K3)                                                       7.68 x K3 (3 x K3)
  5.12                                                                                                                                   117.76 x K3 (23 x K3)                                                   5.12 x K3 (1 x K3)                                                       10.24 x K3 (2 x K3)
  10.24                                                                                                                                  235.52 x K3 (23 x K3)                                                   10.24 x K3 (1 x K3)                                                      20.48 x K3 (2 x K3)
  NOTE 1: K3 = 6 is the measurement relaxation factor applicable for UE fulfilling the *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.                                                                                                                                                    

Table 4.2B.2.9.2-4: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR2)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                          T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
  2.56                                                                                                                                   58.88 x N1 x K3 (23 x N1 x K3)                                          2.56 x N1 x K3 (1 x N1 x K3)                                             7.68 x N1 x K3 (3 x N1 x K3)
  5.12                                                                                                                                   117.76 x N1 x K3 (23 x N1 x K3)                                         5.12 x N1 x K3 (1 x N1 x K3)                                             10.24 x N1 x K3 (2 x N1 x K3)
  10.24                                                                                                                                  235.52 x N1 x K3 (23 x N1 x K3)                                         10.24 x N1 x K3 (1 x N1 x K3)                                            20.48 x N1 x K3 (2 x N1 x K3)
  NOTE 1: K3 = 6 is the measurement relaxation factor applicable for UE fulfilling the *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.                                                                                                                                                    

Table 4.2B.2.9.2-5: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | R\_Intra | R\_Intra | R\_Intra |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
|          |          | s        | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          | periods) | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | cycles   | cycles   | cycles   |
|          |          |          | or eDRX  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  |
|          |          |          | cycles   | cycles   | cycles   |
|          |          |          | ^N       | ^N       | ^N       |
|          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥6.4 (5) | $$\tex   | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          |          | t{eDRX}\ | M2 x K3  | M2 x K3  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | _\text{c | (1 x M2  | (2 x M2  |
| cycle    |          |          | ycl}e\_  | x K3)    | x K3)    |
| length   |          |          | length \ |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | times \l |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | eft\lcei |          |          |
|          |          |          | l \frac{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | 23}{PTW/ |          |          |
|          |          |          | DRX\_ cy |          |          |
|          |          |          | cle\_ le |          |          |
|          |          |          | ngth} \r |          |          |
|          |          |          | ight\rce |          |          |
|          |          |          | il\text{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | x\ }K3$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K3)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥12.8    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (10)     |          | K3 (1 x  | K3 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K3)      | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥15.36   |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K3 (1 x  | K3 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K3)      | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥30.72   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (24)     |          | K3 (1 x  | K3 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K3)      | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Intra\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1. If |          |          |          |          |          |
| d        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ifferent |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| perio    |          |          |          |          |          |
| dicities |          |          |          |          |          |
| are      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| d        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ifferent |          |          |          |          |          |
| cells,   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the SMTC |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| note is  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the one  |          |          |          |          |          |
| used by  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the cell |          |          |          |          |          |
| being    |          |          |          |          |          |
| ide      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ntified. |          |          |          |          |          |
| During   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PSS/SSS  |          |          |          |          |          |
| de       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tection, |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| carrier  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| assumed, |          |          |          |          |          |
| and if   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| actual   |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| greater  |          |          |          |          |          |
| than the |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| carrier, |          |          |          |          |          |
| longer   |          |          |          |          |          |
| T~de     |          |          |          |          |          |
| tect,\ N |          |          |          |          |          |
| R\_intra |          |          |          |          |          |
| \_RedCap |          |          |          |          |          |
| \_Relax~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| e        |          |          |          |          |          |
| xpected. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K3 = 6   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| stat     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ionaryMo |          |          |          |          |          |
| bilityEv |          |          |          |          |          |
| aluation |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.2-6: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **T     | **T~    | **T~e   |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | ~detect | measure | valuate |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | tra\_Re | tra\_Re | tra\_Re |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | dCap\_R | dCap\_R | dCap\_R |
|         |         | s       |         | elax~** | elax~** | elax~** |
|         |         | p       |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | eriods) |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         |         |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | **or    | **or    | **or    |
|         |         |         |         | eDRX    | eDRX    | eDRX    |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | ^Note   | ^Note   | ^Note   |
|         |         |         |         | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥30.72  | 8       | K3 x    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (24)    |         | $\      | N1 x K3 | N1 x K3 |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | text{eD | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | RX}\_\t | x K3)   | x K3)   |
| length  |         |         |         | ext{cyc |         |         |
| ≤\[1    |         |         |         | l}e\_ l |         |         |
| 63.84\] |         |         |         | ength \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | left\lc |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eil \fr |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ac{23 \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times N |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | 1}{PTW/ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | DRX\_ c |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ycle\_  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | length} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |  \right |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \rceil$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | K3)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥38.4   | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (30)    |         |         | N1 x K3 | N1 x K3 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K3)   | x K3)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | 40.96   | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         | N1 x K3 | N1 x K3 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K3)   | x K3)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | 40.96   | 3       |         | 20.48   | 40.96   |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         | \(8\)   | \(16\)  |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lasses. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of PTW  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\le    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ft\lcei |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| l \frac |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {Tevalu |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ate,NR\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _ Intra |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ RedC |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ap\_ Re |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lax*DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ cycl |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| e}{1.28 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| } \righ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\rceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *1.28$. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| In this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| case    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| next    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| av      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ailable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| In this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| case    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| next    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| av      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ailable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is 0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, 0.64 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, and  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2.56 s, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K3 = 6  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| station |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| aryMobi |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lityEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is 1.28 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, K3 = |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 4 is    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| station |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| aryMobi |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lityEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

##### 4.2B.2.9.3 Measurements for a UE fulfilling not-at-cell edge while stationary criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

> \- UE is configured with both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
> criterion and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion, and
>
> \- both criteria are fulfilled, and,
>
> \- less than 4 hours have passed since measurements for cell
> reselection were last performed

The requirements defined in this clause apply regardless of eDRX\_IDLE
configurations.

In this case the UE is not required to meet T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ as
defined in clause 4.2B.2.3.

##### 4.2B.2.9.3A Measurements for a UE fulfilling stationary and not-at-cell-edge criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criterion and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has also
fulfilled both criteria, or

\- UE is configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion,
*stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled *cellEdgeEvaluation* and *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.3 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.2-1 and table 4.2B.2.9.2-2 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE up to 10.24s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.2-3 and table 4.2B.2.9.2-4 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.2-5 and table 4.2B.2.9.2-6 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively, provided eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW window length.

##### 4.2B.2.9.4 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility and stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has also fulfilled
both criteria, or,

\- UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion,
*stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled *lowMobilityEvaluation* and *stationaryMobilityEvaluation*
\[2\] criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.9.2 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.9.5 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell-edge while stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE
has fulfilled this criterion, and

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation \[2\]* and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion, and UE has
fulfilled both criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.9.3 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.9.6 Measurements for a UE fulfilling not-at-cell edge and not-at-cell edge while stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE has
fulfilled that criterion, and

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and has
fulfilled both criteria.

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.9.3 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.9.7 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell edge criteria and not-at-cell-edge while stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has fulfilled both
criteria, and

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion, and has
fulfilled both criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.9.3 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.9.8 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility, not-at-cell edge and stationary criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has fulfilled both
criteria, and

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and has also fulfilled that criterion, or UE is configured with both
*stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2.2.9.4 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.9.9 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

> UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE
> is not configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE has
> fulfilled the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled only the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.3 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.9-1 and table 4.2B.2.9.9-2 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE up-to 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.9-3 and table 4.2B.2.9.9-4 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.9-5 and table 4.2B.2.9.9-6 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively, provided eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW window length.

Table 4.2B.2.9.9-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UEs fulfilling low mobility
criterion for 1 Rx RedCap UE

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| length \[s\]   | ct,NR\_Intra\_ | re,NR\_Intra\_ | te,NR\_Intra\_ |
|                | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0.32           | 11.52 x M2 x   | 1.28 x M2 x K1 | 5.12 x M2 x K1 |
|                | K1 (36 x M2 x  | (4 x M2 x K1)  | (16 x M2 x K1) |
|                | K1)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 x K1 (28 | 1.28 x K1 (2 x | 5.12 x K1 (8 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32 x K1 (25 x  | 1.28 x K1 (1 x | 6.4 x K1 (5 x  |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: M2 =   |                |                |                |
| 1.5 if SMTC    |                |                |                |
| periodicity of |                |                |                |
| measured       |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| ntra-frequency |                |                |                |
| cell \> 20 ms; |                |                |                |
| otherwise      |                |                |                |
| M2=1.          |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobil      |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.9-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UEs fulfilling low mobility
criterion for 2 Rx RedCap UE

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| DRX      | Scaling  | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |          |
| cycle    | Factor   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |          |
| length   | (N1)     | R\_Intra | R\_Intra | R\_Intra |          |
| \[s\]    |          | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |          |
|          |          | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |          |
|          |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |          |          |
|          |          | (number  | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
|          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | (number  |          |
|          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | of DRX   |          |
|          |          |          |          | cycles)  |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | FR1      | FR       |          |          |          |
|          |          | 2^Note1^ |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.32     | 1        | 8        | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  |
|          |          |          | x K1 (36 | x K1 (4  | x K1 (16 |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | x N1 x   | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.64     |          | 5        | 17.92 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (28 x N1 | (2 x N1  | (8 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 1.28     |          | 4        | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x K1 (25 | N1 x K1  | x K1 (5  |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | (1 x N1  | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | K1)      | x K1)    | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     |          | 3        | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Applies  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| RedCap   |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE of    |          |          |          |          |          |
| all      |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| FR2      |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| classes. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.9-3: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| cycle length   | ct,NR\_Intra\_ | re,NR\_Intra\_ | te,NR\_Intra\_ |
| \[s\]          | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x K1    | 5.12 x K1 (1 x | 10.24 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | K1)            | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x K1    | 10.24 x K1 (1  | 20.48 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | x K1)          | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobil      |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.9-4: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR2)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| cycle length   | ct,NR\_Intra\_ | re,NR\_Intra\_ | te,NR\_Intra\_ |
| \[s\]          | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x N1 x   | 2.56 x N1 x K1 | 7.68 x N1 x K1 |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | (3 x N1 x K1)  |
|                | K1)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x N1 x  | 5.12 x N1 x K1 | 10.24 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            |                | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x N1 x  | 10.24 x N1 x   | 20.48 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | K1 (1 x N1 x   | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1:        |                |                |                |
| Applies for    |                |                |                |
| RedCap UE of   |                |                |                |
| all supporting |                |                |                |
| FR2 power      |                |                |                |
| classes.       |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: N1 =   |                |                |                |
| 3.             |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobil      |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.9-5: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **eD     | **DRX    | **PTW    | **T~     | **T~m    | **T~ev   |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | R\_Intra | R\_Intra | R\_Intra |
| length   | \[s\]**  | (number  | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |
| \[s\]**  |          | of 1.28  | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
|          |          | s        | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          | periods) | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          | ^No      | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          | te\ 3^** | c        | c        | c        |
|          |          |          | ycles)** | ycles)** | ycles)** |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\tex   | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | t{eDRX}\ | M2 x K1  | M2 x K1  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | _\text{c | (1 x M2  | (2 x M2  |
| cycle    |          |          | ycl}e\_  | x K1)    | x K1)    |
| length   |          |          | length \ |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | times \l |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | eft\lcei |          |          |
|          |          |          | l \frac{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | 23}{PTW/ |          |          |
|          |          |          | DRX\_ cy |          |          |
|          |          |          | cle\_ le |          |          |
|          |          |          | ngth} \r |          |          |
|          |          |          | ight\rce |          |          |
|          |          |          | il\text{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | x\ }K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Intra\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.9-6: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **T     | **T~    | **T~e   |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | ~detect | measure | valuate |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | **^N    | tra\_Re | tra\_Re | tra\_Re |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 | ote1^** | dCap\_R | dCap\_R | dCap\_R |
| **^Not  |         | s       |         | elax~** | elax~** | elax~** |
| e\ 3^** |         | periods |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | )**^Not |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         | e\ 4^** |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | **or    | **^Note | **^Note |
|         |         |         |         | eDRX    | \ 2^**) | \ 2^**) |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ^Note   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \ 2^**) |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥15.36  | 8       | K1 x    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (12)    |         | $\      | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | text{eD | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | RX}\_\t | x K1)   | x K1)   |
| length  |         |         |         | ext{cyc |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | l}e\_ l |         |         |
| \[1     |         |         |         | ength \ |         |         |
| 63.84\] |         |         |         | times \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | left\lc |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eil \fr |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ac{23 \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times N |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | 1}{PTW/ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | DRX\_ c |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ycle\_  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | length} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |  \right |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \rceil$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥19.2   | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (15)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥30.72  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (24)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | 40.96   | 3       |         | 20.48   | 40.96   |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         | \(8\)   | \(16\)  |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lasses. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of PTW  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\le    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ft\lcei |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| l \frac |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {Tevalu |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ate,NR\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _ Intra |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ RedC |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ap\_ Re |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lax*DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ cycl |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| e}{1.28 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| } \righ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\rceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *1.28$. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| In this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| case    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| next    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| av      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ailable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lowMobi |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lityEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

##### 4.2B.2.9.10 Measurements for UE fulfilling not-at-cell edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

> UE is configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE is
> not configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE has
> fulfilled the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criteria and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled only the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.3 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.10-1 and table 4.2B.2.9.10-2 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE up to 10.24s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.10-3 and table 4.2B.2.9.10-4 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.9.10-5 and table 4.2B.2.9.10-6 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively, provided eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW window length.

Table 4.2B.2.9.10-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UEs fulfilling not-at-cell edge
criterion for 1 Rx RedCap UE

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| length \[s\]   | ct,NR\_Intra\_ | re,NR\_Intra\_ | te,NR\_Intra\_ |
|                | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0.32           | 11.52 x M2 x   | 1.28 x M2 x K1 | 5.12 x M2 x K1 |
|                | K1 (36 x M2 x  | (4 x M2 x K1)  | (16 x M2 x K1) |
|                | K1)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 x K1 (28 | 1.28 x K1 (2 x | 5.12 x K1 (8 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32 x K1 (25 x  | 1.28 x K1 (1 x | 6.4 x K1 (5 x  |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: M2 =   |                |                |                |
| 1.5 if SMTC    |                |                |                |
| periodicity of |                |                |                |
| measured       |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| ntra-frequency |                |                |                |
| cell \> 20 ms; |                |                |                |
| otherwise      |                |                |                |
| M2=1.          |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.10-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UEs fulfilling not-at-cell edge
criterion for 2 Rx RedCap UE

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| DRX      | Scaling  | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |          |
| cycle    | Factor   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |          |
| length   | (N1)     | R\_Intra | R\_Intra | R\_Intra |          |
| \[s\]    |          | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |          |
|          |          | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |          |
|          |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |          |          |
|          |          | (number  | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
|          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | (number  |          |
|          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | of DRX   |          |
|          |          |          |          | cycles)  |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | FR1      | FR       |          |          |          |
|          |          | 2^Note1^ |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.32     | 1        | 8        | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  |
|          |          |          | x K1 (36 | x K1 (4  | x K1 (16 |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | x N1 x   | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.64     |          | 5        | 17.92 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (28 x N1 | (2 x N1  | (8 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 1.28     |          | 4        | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x K1 (25 | N1 x K1  | x K1 (5  |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | (1 x N1  | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | K1)      | x K1)    | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     |          | 3        | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Applies  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| RedCap   |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE of    |          |          |          |          |          |
| all      |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| FR2      |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| classes. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.10-3: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| cycle length   | ct,NR\_Intra\_ | re,NR\_Intra\_ | te,NR\_Intra\_ |
| \[s\]          | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x K1    | 5.12 x K1 (1 x | 10.24 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | K1)            | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x K1    | 10.24 x K1 (1  | 20.48 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | x K1)          | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.10-4: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR2)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| cycle length   | ct,NR\_Intra\_ | re,NR\_Intra\_ | te,NR\_Intra\_ |
| \[s\]          | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x N1 x   | 2.56 x N1 x K1 | 7.68 x N1 x K1 |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x K1)       | (3 x N1 x K1)  |
|                | K1)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x N1 x  | 5.12 x N1 x K1 | 10.24 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            |                | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x N1 x  | 10.24 x N1 x   | 20.48 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | K1 (1 x N1 x   | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: N1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| for RedCap UE  |                |                |                |
| of all         |                |                |                |
| supporting FR2 |                |                |                |
| power classes. |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.10-5: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_elax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | R\_Intra | R\_Intra | R\_Intra |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
|          |          | s        | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          | periods) | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | eDRX}\_\ | M2 x K1  | M2 x K1  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | text{cyc | (1 x M2  | (2 x M2  |
| cycle    |          |          | l}e\_ le | x K1)    | x K1)    |
| length   |          |          | ngth \ti |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
|          |          |          | }{PTW/DR |          |          |
|          |          |          | X\_ cycl |          |          |
|          |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th} \rig |          |          |
|          |          |          | ht\rceil |          |          |
|          |          |          |  x\ K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Intra\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.9.10-6: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **T     | **T~    | **T~e   |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | ~detect | measure | valuate |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | tra\_Re | tra\_Re | tra\_Re |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | dCap\_R | dCap\_R | dCap\_R |
|         |         | s       |         | elax~** | elax~** | elax~** |
|         |         | p       |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | eriods) |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         |         |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         |         |         | cycles) | cycles) | cycles) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥15.36  | 8       | K1 x    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (12)    |         | $\      | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | text{eD | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | RX}\_\t | x K1)   | x K1)   |
| length  |         |         |         | ext{cyc |         |         |
| ≤\[1    |         |         |         | l}e\_ l |         |         |
| 63.84\] |         |         |         | ength \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | left\lc |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eil \fr |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ac{23 \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times N |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | 1}{PTW/ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | DRX\_ c |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ycle\_  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | length} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |  \right |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \rceil$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥19.2   | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (15)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥30.72  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (24)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | 40.96   | 3       |         | 20.48   | 40.96   |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lasses. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of PTW  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\le    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ft\lcei |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| l \frac |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {Tevalu |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ate,NR\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _ Intra |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ RedC |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ap\_ Re |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lax*DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ cycl |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| e}{1.28 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| } \righ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\rceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *1.28$. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| In this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| case    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| next    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| av      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ailable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *cell   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| EdgeEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

##### 4.2B.2.9.11 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell edge criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and

> \- both criteria are fulfilled, and

\- less than 1 hour have passed since measurements for cell reselection
were performed

In this case the UE is not required to meet T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ as
defined in table 4.2B.2.3.

#### 4.2B.2.10 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

##### 4.2B.2.10.1 Introduction

This clause contains the requirements for measurements on
inter-frequency NR cells when Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤
S~nonIntraSearchQ~ and when the UE is configured any of the following
relaxed measurement criteria:

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for a stationary UE defined in clause
5.2.4.9.3 in \[1\],

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for a stationary UE not at cell edge
defined in clause 5.2.4.9.4 in \[1\],

\- Both low mobility criterion and stationary criterion as defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.1 and 5.2.4.9.3 or 5.2.4.9.4 in \[1\] respectively.

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE with low mobility defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.1 in \[1\],

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE not-at-cell edge defined in
clause 5.2.4. 9.2 in \[1\],

\- Both low mobility criterion and not-at-cell edge criterion as defined
in clauses 5.2.4. 9.1 and 5.2.4.9.2 in \[1\] respectively.

##### 4.2B.2.10.2 Measurements for UE fulfilling stationary criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and UE is not configured with *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\]
criterion and UE has fulfilled the *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criterion and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled only the *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.4 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.10.2-1 and table 4.2B.2.10.2-2 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE up to 10.24s,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.10.2-3 and table 4.2B.2.10.2-4 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.10.2-5 and table 4.2B.2.10.2-6 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively, provided eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW window length.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then
the UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at
least every K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2.2.7 and, K2 =
240.

Table 4.2B.2.10.2-1: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for 1 Rx RedCap UE

  DRX cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                                 T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------
  0.32                                                                                                                                   11.52 x 1.5 x K3(36 x 1.5 x K3)                                   1.28 x 1.5 x K3 (4 x 1.5 x K3)                                     5.12 x 1.5 x K3 (16 x 1.5 x K3)
  0.64                                                                                                                                   17.92 x K3 (28 x K3)                                              1.28x K3 (2 x K3)                                                  5.12 x K3 (8 x K3)
  1.28                                                                                                                                   32 x K3 (25 x K3)                                                 1.28x K3 (1 x K3)                                                  6.4 x K3 (5 x K3)
  2.56                                                                                                                                   58.88 x K3 (23 x K3)                                              2.56 x K3 (1 x K3)                                                 7.68 x K3 (3 x K3)
  NOTE 1: K3 = 6 is the measurement relaxation factor applicable for UE fulfilling the *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.                                                                                                                                        

Table 4.2B.2.10.2-2: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for 2 Rx RedCap UE

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| DRX      | Scaling  | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |          |
| cycle    | Factor   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |          |
| length   | (N1)     | R\_Inter | R\_Inter | R\_Inter |          |
| \[s\]    |          | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |          |
|          |          | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |          |
|          |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |          |
|          |          | (number  | (number  | (number  |          |
|          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |          |
|          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | FR1      | FR       |          |          |          |
|          |          | 2^Note1^ |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.32     | 1        | 8        | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x 1.5 | N1 x 1.5 | N1 x 1.5 |
|          |          |          | x K3 (36 | x K3 (4  | x K3 (16 |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | x N1 x   | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | 1.5 x    | 1.5 x    | 1.5 x    |
|          |          |          | K3)      | K3)      | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.64     |          | 5        | 17.92x   | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K3  | N1 x K3  | N1 x K3  |
|          |          |          | (28 x N1 | (2 x N1  | (8 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K3)    | x K3)    | x K3)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 1.28     |          | 4        | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x K3 (25 | N1 x K3  | x K3 (5  |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | (1 x N1  | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | K3)      | x K3)    | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     |          | 3        | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K3  | N1 x K3  | N1 x K3  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K3)    | x K3)    | x K3)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Applies  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| RedCap   |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE of    |          |          |          |          |          |
| all      |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| class.   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K3 = 6   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *stati   |          |          |          |          |          |
| onaryMob |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.2-3: T~detect,~ ~NR\_Inter\ \_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,\ NR\_Inter\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle upto 10.24s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~detect,~     | T~measure      | T~evaluate     |
| cycle length   | ~NR\_Inter\_   | ,\ NR\_Inter\_ | ,\ NR\_Inter\_ |
| \[s\]          | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K3 (23 | 2.56 x K3 (1 x | 5.12 x K3 (2 x |
|                | x K3)          | K3)            | K3)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x K3    | 5.12 x K3 (1 x | 10.24 x K3 (2  |
|                | (23 x K3)      | K3)            | x K3)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x K3    | 10.24 x K3 (1  | 20.48 x K3 (2  |
|                | (23 x K3)      | x K3)          | x K3)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: M2 =   |                |                |                |
| 1.5 if SMTC    |                |                |                |
| periodicity of |                |                |                |
| measured       |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| ntra-frequency |                |                |                |
| cell \> 20 ms; |                |                |                |
| otherwise      |                |                |                |
| M2=1. If       |                |                |                |
| different SMTC |                |                |                |
| periodicities  |                |                |                |
| are configured |                |                |                |
| for different  |                |                |                |
| cells, the     |                |                |                |
| SMTC           |                |                |                |
| periodicity in |                |                |                |
| this note is   |                |                |                |
| the one used   |                |                |                |
| by the cell    |                |                |                |
| being          |                |                |                |
| identified.    |                |                |                |
| During PSS/SSS |                |                |                |
| detection, the |                |                |                |
| periodicity of |                |                |                |
| the SMTC       |                |                |                |
| configured for |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| ntra-frequency |                |                |                |
| carrier is     |                |                |                |
| assumed, and   |                |                |                |
| if the actual  |                |                |                |
| SSB            |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
| periodicity is |                |                |                |
| greater than   |                |                |                |
| the SMTC       |                |                |                |
| configured for |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| ntra-frequency |                |                |                |
| carrier,       |                |                |                |
| longer         |                |                |                |
| T~detect       |                |                |                |
| ,\ NR\_Inter\_ |                |                |                |
| RedCap\_Relax~ |                |                |                |
| is expected.   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K3 = 6 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *s             |                |                |                |
| tationaryMobil |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.2-4: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR2)

  **eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]**                                                                                                      **T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX cycles)**   **T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX cycles)**   **T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX cycles)**
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
  2.56                                                                                                                                   58.88 x N1 x K3 (23 x N1 x K3)                                         2.56 x N1 x K3 (1 x N1 x K3)                                            7.68 x N1 x K3 (3 x N1 x K3)
  5.12                                                                                                                                   117.76 x N1 x K3 (23 x N1 x K3)                                        5.12 x N1 x K3 (1 x N1 x K3)                                            10.24 x N1 x K3 (2 x N1 x K3)
  10.24                                                                                                                                  235.52 x N1 x K3 (23 x N1 x K3)                                        10.24 x N1 x K3 (1 x N1 x K3)                                           20.48 x N1 x K3 (2 x N1 x K3)
  NOTE 1: K3 = 6 is the measurement relaxation factor applicable for UE fulfilling the *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.                                                                                                                                                  

Table 4.2B.2.10.2-5: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_\ Inter\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s(Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | R\_Inter | R\_Inter | R\_Inter |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
|          |          | s        | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          | periods) | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥6.4 (5) | $$K3 \t  | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          |          | imes \ e | M2 x K3  | M2 x K3  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | DRX\_\te | (1 x M2  | (2 x M2  |
| cycle    |          |          | xt{cycl} | x K3)    | x K3)    |
| length   |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | th \time |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | s \left\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | lceil \f |          |          |
|          |          |          | rac{23}{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | PTW/DRX\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | _ cycle\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | _ length |          |          |
|          |          |          | } \right |          |          |
|          |          |          | \rceil$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K3)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥12.8    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (10)     |          | K3 (1 x  | K3 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K3)      | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥15.36   |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K3 (1 x  | K3 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K3)      | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥30.72   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (4)      |          | K3 (1 x  | K3 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K3)      | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Inter\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K3 = 6   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| stat     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ionaryMo |          |          |          |          |          |
| bilityEv |          |          |          |          |          |
| aluation |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.2-6: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle (Frequency range FR2) for eDRX\_IDLE cycle larger than 10.24 s

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **T     | **T~    | **T~e   |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | ~detect | measure | valuate |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | ter\_Re | ter\_Re | ter\_Re |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | dCap\_R | dCap\_R | dCap\_R |
|         |         | s       |         | elax~** | elax~** | elax~** |
|         |         | p       |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | eriods) |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         |         |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | **or    | **or    | **or    |
|         |         |         |         | eDRX    | eDRX    | eDRX    |
|         |         |         |         | cycles  | cycles  | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         | ^Note   | ^Note   | ^Note   |
|         |         |         |         | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) | \ 3^**) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥30.72  | 8       | K3 x    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (24)    |         | $\      | N1 x K3 | N1 x K3 |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | text{eD | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | RX}\_\t | x K3)   | x K3)   |
| length  |         |         |         | ext{cyc |         |         |
| ≤\[1    |         |         |         | l}e\_ l |         |         |
| 63.84\] |         |         |         | ength \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | left\lc |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eil \fr |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ac{23 \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times N |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | 1}{PTW/ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | DRX\_ c |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ycle\_  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | length} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |  \right |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \rceil$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | K3)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥38.4   | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (30)    |         |         | N1 x K3 | N1 x K3 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K3)   | x K3)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | 40.96   | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         | N1 x K3 | N1 x K3 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K3)   | x K3)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | 40.96   | 3       |         | 20.48   | 40.96   |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         | \(8\)   | \(16\)  |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lasses. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of *PTW |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on*     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\left  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \lceil  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \frac{T |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| evaluat |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| e,NR\_  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Inter\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  RedCap |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ Rela |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| x*DRX\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  cycle} |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {1.28}  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \right\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rceil*1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .28$*.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is 0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, 0.64 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s and   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2.56 s, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K3 = 6  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| station |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| aryMobi |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lityEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is 1.28 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, K3 = |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 4 is    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| station |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| aryMobi |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lityEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

##### 4.2B.2.10.3 Measurements for a UE fulfilling not-at-cell edge while stationary criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criterion and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion, and

> \- both criteria are fulfilled, and

\- less than 4 hours have passed since measurements for cell reselection
were performed.

In this case the UE is not required to meet T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ as
defined in clause 4.2B.2.4.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE
shall search for, measure and evaluate inter-frequency layers of higher,
equal or lower priority at least every 4 hours.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the
UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at least
every K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~
is described in clause 4.2.2.7 and K2=240.

The requirements defined in this clause apply regardless of eDRX\_IDLE
configurations.

##### 4.2B.2.10.3A Measurements for a UE fulfilling stationary and not-at-cell-edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

> \- UE is configured with both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
> criterion and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, has also fulfilled
> both criteria, or

\- UE is configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and with
both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled *cellEdgeEvaluation* and *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criteria

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.4 apply for this clause except
that:

\- T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ as specified in table
4.2B.2.10.2-1 and table 4.2B.2.10.2-2 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ as specified in table
4.2B.2.10.2-1 and table 4.2B.2.10.2-2 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ as specified in table
4.2B.2.10.2-1 and table 4.2B.2.10.2-2 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

If the UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle then the requirements in
table 4.2B.2.10.2-3 and table 4.2B.2.10.2-4 are applicable for eDRX
cycle up to 10.24 s in FR1 and FR2 respectively.

If the UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s in
FR1 and FR2, then the requirements in table 4.2B.2.10.2-5 and table
4.2B.2.10.2-6 respectively apply provided that eDRX cycle is ≤
\[163.84\] sec and evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one
carrier is not greater than single PTW window length.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then
the UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at
least every K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2.2.7 and, K2 =
240.

##### 4.2B.2.10.4 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility and stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has also fulfilled
both criteria, or,

\- UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
with both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] not configured, and UE has
fulfilled *lowMobilityEvaluation* and *stationaryMobilityEvaluation*
\[2\] criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.10.2 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.10.5 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell-edge while stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE
has fulfilled this criterion, and

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation \[2\]* and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion, and UE has
fulfilled both criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.10.3 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.10.6 Measurements for a UE fulfilling not-at-cell edge and not-at-cell edge while stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE has
fulfilled that criterion, and

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion, and has
fulfilled both criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.10.3 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.10.7 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell edge criteria and not-at-cell-edge while stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on intra-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has fulfilled both
criteria, and

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion, and has
fulfilled both criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.10.3 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.10.8 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility, not-at-cell edge and stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has fulfilled both
criteria, and

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and has also fulfilled that criterion, or UE is configured with both
*stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

In this case the UE is not required to meet T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ as
defined in clause 4.2B.2.4.

When S~rxlev~ ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or S~qual~ ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the
requirements of Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤
S~nonIntraSearchQ~ defined in clause 4.2.2.10.4 apply for this clause.

When S~rxlev~ \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and S~qual~ \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
the UE the requirements of Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~ defined in clause 4.2B.2.10.2 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.10.9 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

> \- UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
> UE is not configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE
> has fulfilled the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, or
>
> \- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] and
> *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and *combineRelaxedMeasCondition*
> \[2\] is not configured, and UE has fulfilled only the
> *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements are defined as follows:

> \- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE,
> T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
> T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
> T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
> 4.2B.2.10.9-1 and table 4.2B.2.10.9-2 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
> respectively.
>
> \- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE up to 10.24s,
> T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
> T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
> T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
> 4.2B.2.10.9-3 and table 4.2B.2.10.9-4 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
> respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.10.9-5 and table 4.2B.2.10.9-6 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively, provided eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW window length.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ and
the UE is configured with *highPriorityMeasRelax* \[2\] then the UE
shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at least
every K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~
is described in clause 4.2B.2.7 and, K2 = 60. Otherwise, if the UE is
not configured with *highPriorityMeasRelax* \[2\] then the UE shall
search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at least every
T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2B.2.7.

Table 4.2B.2.10.9-1: T~detect,NR\_\ Inter\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_\ Inter\ RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter\ RedCap\_Relax~ for UEs fulfilling low mobility
criterion for 1 Rx RedCap UE

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| length \[s\]   | ct,NR\_Inter\_ | re,NR\_Inter\_ | te,NR\_Inter\_ |
|                | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0.32           | 11.52 x M2 x   | 1.28 x M2 x K1 | 5.12 x M2 x K1 |
|                | K1 (36 x M2 x  | (4 x M2 x K1)  | (16 x M2 x K1) |
|                | K1)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 x K1 (28 | 1.28 x K1 (2 x | 5.12 x K1 (8 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32 x K1 (25 x  | 1.28 x K1 (1 x | 6.4 x K1 (5 x  |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: M2 =   |                |                |                |
| 1.5 if SMTC    |                |                |                |
| periodicity of |                |                |                |
| measured       |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| ntra-frequency |                |                |                |
| cell \> 20 ms; |                |                |                |
| otherwise      |                |                |                |
| M2=1.          |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobil      |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.9-2: T~detect,NR\_\ Inter\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_\ Inter\ RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter\ RedCap\_Relax~ for UEs fulfilling low mobility
criterion for 2 Rx RedCap UE

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| DRX      | Scaling  | T~de     | T~mea    | T~eval   |          |
| cycle    | Factor   | tect,NR\ | sure,NR\ | uate,NR\ |          |
| length   | (N1)     | _\ Inter | _\ Inter | _\ Inter |          |
| \[s\]    |          | \ RedCap | \ RedCap | \ RedCap |          |
|          |          | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |          |
|          |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |          |          |
|          |          | (number  | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
|          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | (number  |          |
|          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | of DRX   |          |
|          |          |          |          | cycles)  |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | FR1      | FR       |          |          |          |
|          |          | 2^Note1^ |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.32     | 1        | 8        | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  |
|          |          |          | x K1 (36 | x K1 (4  | x K1 (16 |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | x N1 x   | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.64     |          | 5        | 17.92 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (28 x N1 | (2 x N1  | (8 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 1.28     |          | 4        | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x K1 (25 | N1 x K1  | x K1 (5  |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | (1 x N1  | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | K1)      | x K1)    | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     |          | 3        | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Applies  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| RedCap   |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE of    |          |          |          |          |          |
| all      |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| FR2      |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| classes. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.9-3: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| cycle length   | ct,NR\_Inter\_ | re,NR\_Inter\_ | te,NR\_Inter\_ |
| \[s\]          | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x K1    | 5.12 x K1 (1 x | 10.24 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | K1)            | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x K1    | 10.24 x K1 (1  | 20.48 x K1 (2  |
|                | (23 x K1)      | x K1)          | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobil      |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.9-4: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR2)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| cycle length   | ct,NR\_Inter\_ | re,NR\_Inter\_ | te,NR\_Inter\_ |
| \[s\]          | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x N1 x   | 2.56 x N1 x K1 | 7.68 x N1 x K1 |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | (3 x N1 x K1)  |
|                | K1)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x N1 x  | 5.12 x N1 x K1 | 10.24 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            |                | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x N1 x  | 10.24 x N1 x   | 20.48 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | K1 (1 x N1 x   | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: N1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| for RedCap UE  |                |                |                |
| of all         |                |                |                |
| supporting FR2 |                |                |                |
| power classes. |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobil      |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.9-5: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s(Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| **eD     | **DRX    | **PTW    | **T~     | **T~m    | **T~ev   |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | R\_Inter | R\_Inter | R\_Inter |
| length   | \[s\]**  | (number  | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |
| \[s\]**  |          | of 1.28  | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
|          |          | s        | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          | pe       | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          | riods)** | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | c        | c        | c        |
|          |          |          | ycles)** | ycles)** | ycles)** |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\tex   | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | t{eDRX}\ | 1.5 x K1 | 1.5 x K1 |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | _\text{c | (1 x M2  | (2 x M2  |
| cycle    |          |          | ycl}e\_  | x K1)    | x K1)    |
| length   |          |          | length \ |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | times \l |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | eft\lcei |          |          |
|          |          |          | l \frac{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | 23}{PTW/ |          |          |
|          |          |          | DRX\_ cy |          |          |
|          |          |          | cle\_ le |          |          |
|          |          |          | ngth} \r |          |          |
|          |          |          | ight\rce |          |          |
|          |          |          | il\text{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | x\ }K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Intra\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.9-6: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s(Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **T     | **T~    | **T~e   |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | ~detect | measure | valuate |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | ter\_Re | ter\_Re | ter\_Re |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | dCap\_R | dCap\_R | dCap\_R |
|         |         | s       |         | elax~** | elax~** | elax~** |
|         |         | p       |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | eriods) |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         |         |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         |         |         | cycles) | cycles) | cycles) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥15.36  | 8       | K1 x    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (12)    |         | $\      | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | text{eD | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | RX}\_\t | x K1)   | x K1)   |
| length  |         |         |         | ext{cyc |         |         |
| ≤\[1    |         |         |         | l}e\_ l |         |         |
| 63.84\] |         |         |         | ength \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | left\lc |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eil \fr |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ac{23 \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times N |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | 1}{PTW/ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | DRX\_ c |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ycle\_  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | length} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |  \right |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \rceil$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥19.2   | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (15)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥30.72  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (24)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | 40.96   | 3       |         | 20.48   | 40.96   |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         | \(8\)   | \(16\)  |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lasses. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of PTW  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\le    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ft\lcei |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| l \frac |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {Tevalu |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ate,NR\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _ Inter |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ RedC |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ap\_ Re |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lax*DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ cycl |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| e}{1.28 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| } \righ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\rceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *1.28$. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| In this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| case    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| next    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| av      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ailable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lowMobi |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lityEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

##### 4.2B.2.10.10 Measurements for UE fulfilling not-at-cell edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

> \- UE is configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and UE
> is not configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE
> has fulfilled the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion or

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled only the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.4 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.10.10-1 and table 4.2B.2.10.10-2 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE up to 10.24s,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.10.10-3 and table 4.2B.2.10.10-4 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.10.10-5 and table 4.2B.2.10.10-6 for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap
respectively, provided eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW window length.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ and
regardless of whether the UE is configured with *highPriorityMeasRelax*
\[2\] or not, the UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher
priority at least every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2B.2.7.

Table 4.2B.2.10.10-1: T~detect,NR\_\ Inter\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_\ Inter\ RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter\ RedCap\_Relax~ for UEs fulfilling low mobility
criterion for 1 Rx RedCap UE

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~detect       | T~measure      | T~evaluate     |
| length \[s\]   | ,NR\_\ Inter\  | ,NR\_\ Inter\  | ,NR\_\ Inter\  |
|                | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0.32           | 11.52 x 1.5 x  | 1.28 x 1.5 x   | 5.12 x 1.5 x   |
|                | K1 (36 x 1.5 x | K1 (4 x 1.5 x  | K1 (16 x 1.5 x |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 x K1 (28 | 1.28 x K1 (2 x | 5.12 x K1 (8 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32 x K1 (25 x  | 1.28 x K1 (1 x | 6.4 x K1 (5 x  |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.10-2: T~detect,NR\_\ Inter\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_\ Inter\ RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_\ Inter\ RedCap\_Relax~ for UEs fulfilling low mobility
criterion for 2 Rx RedCap UE

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| DRX      | Scaling  | T~de     | T~mea    | T~eval   |          |
| cycle    | Factor   | tect,NR\ | sure,NR\ | uate,NR\ |          |
| length   | (N1)     | _\ Inter | _\ Inter | _\ Inter |          |
| \[s\]    |          | \ RedCap | \ RedCap | \ RedCap |          |
|          |          | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |          |
|          |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |          |          |
|          |          | (number  | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
|          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | (number  |          |
|          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | of DRX   |          |
|          |          |          |          | cycles)  |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          | FR1      | FR       |          |          |          |
|          |          | 2^Note1^ |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.32     | 1        | 8        | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x 1.5 | N1 x 1.5 | N1 x 1.5 |
|          |          |          | x K1 (36 | x K1 (4  | x K1 (16 |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | x N1 x   | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | 1.5 x    | 1.5 x    | 1.5 x    |
|          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 0.64     |          | 5        | 17.92 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (28 x N1 | (2 x N1  | (8 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 1.28     |          | 4        | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x K1 (25 | N1 x K1  | x K1 (5  |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | (1 x N1  | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | K1)      | x K1)    | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 2.56     |          | 3        | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Applies  |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| RedCap   |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE of    |          |          |          |          |          |
| all      |          |          |          |          |          |
| su       |          |          |          |          |          |
| pporting |          |          |          |          |          |
| FR2      |          |          |          |          |          |
| power    |          |          |          |          |          |
| classes. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.10-3: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| cycle length   | ct,NR\_Inter\_ | re,NR\_Inter\_ | te,NR\_Inter\_ |
| \[s\]          | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x N1 x K1 |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | (3 x N1 x K1)  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x K1    | 5.12 x K1 (1 x | 10.24 x N1 x   |
|                | (23 x K1)      | K1)            | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                |                |                | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x K1    | 10.24 x K1 (1  | 20.48 x N1 x   |
|                | (23 x K1)      | x K1)          | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                |                |                | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.10-4: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s (Frequency range FR2)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE     | T~dete         | T~measu        | T~evalua       |
| cycle length   | ct,NR\_Inter\_ | re,NR\_Inter\_ | te,NR\_Inter\_ |
| \[s\]          | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   | of eDRX IDLE   |
|                | cycles)        | cycles)        | cycles)        |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x N1 x   | 2.56 x N1 x K1 | 7.68 x N1 x K1 |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | (3 x N1 x K1)  |
|                | K1)            |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x N1 x  | 5.12 x N1 x K1 | 10.24 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | (1 x N1 x K1)  | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            |                | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x N1 x  | 10.24 x N1 x   | 20.48 x N1 x   |
|                | K1 (23 x N1 x  | K1 (1 x N1 x   | K1 (2 x N1 x   |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: N1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| for RedCap UE  |                |                |                |
| of all         |                |                |                |
| supporting FR2 |                |                |                |
| power classes. |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.10-5: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | R\_Inter | R\_Inter | R\_Inter |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
|          |          | s        | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          | periods) | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | eDRX}\_\ | M2 x K1  | M2 x K1  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | text{cyc | (1 x M2  | (2 x M2  |
| cycle    |          |          | l}e\_ le | x K1)    | x K1)    |
| length   |          |          | ngth \ti |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
|          |          |          | }{PTW/DR |          |          |
|          |          |          | X\_ cycl |          |          |
|          |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th} \rig |          |          |
|          |          |          | ht\rceil |          |          |
|          |          |          |  x\ K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| rrespond |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Intra\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1. If |          |          |          |          |          |
| d        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ifferent |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| perio    |          |          |          |          |          |
| dicities |          |          |          |          |          |
| are      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for      |          |          |          |          |          |
| d        |          |          |          |          |          |
| ifferent |          |          |          |          |          |
| cells,   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the SMTC |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| note is  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the one  |          |          |          |          |          |
| used by  |          |          |          |          |          |
| the cell |          |          |          |          |          |
| being    |          |          |          |          |          |
| ide      |          |          |          |          |          |
| ntified. |          |          |          |          |          |
| During   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PSS/SSS  |          |          |          |          |          |
| de       |          |          |          |          |          |
| tection, |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| carrier  |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| assumed, |          |          |          |          |          |
| and if   |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| actual   |          |          |          |          |          |
| SSB      |          |          |          |          |          |
| tran     |          |          |          |          |          |
| smission |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| greater  |          |          |          |          |          |
| than the |          |          |          |          |          |
| SMTC     |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| carrier, |          |          |          |          |          |
| longer   |          |          |          |          |          |
| T~de     |          |          |          |          |          |
| tect,\ N |          |          |          |          |          |
| R\_intra |          |          |          |          |          |
| \_RedCap |          |          |          |          |          |
| \_Relax~ |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| e        |          |          |          |          |          |
| xpected. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 4.2B.2.10.10-6: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s(Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | DRX     | PTW     | Scaling | **T     | **T~    | **T~e   |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | length  | Factor  | ~detect | measure | valuate |
| cycle   | length  | \[s\]   | (N1)    | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In | ,NR\_In |
| length  | \[s\]   | (number | ^Note1^ | ter\_Re | ter\_Re | ter\_Re |
| \[s\]   |         | of 1.28 |         | dCap\_R | dCap\_R | dCap\_R |
|         |         | s       |         | elax~** | elax~** | elax~** |
|         |         | p       |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | eriods) |         | (number | (number | (number |
|         |         |         |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
|         |         |         |         | cycles) | cycles) | cycles) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20.48 ≤ | 0.32    | ≥15.36  | 8       | K1 x    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| eDR     |         | (12)    |         | $\      | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | text{eD | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | RX}\_\t | x K1)   | x K1)   |
| length  |         |         |         | ext{cyc |         |         |
| ≤\[1    |         |         |         | l}e\_ l |         |         |
| 63.84\] |         |         |         | ength \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | left\lc |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | eil \fr |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ac{23 \ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | times N |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | 1}{PTW/ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | DRX\_ c |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ycle\_  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | length} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |  \right |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \rceil$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | K1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥19.2   | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (15)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥30.72  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (24)    |         |         | N1 x K1 | N1 x K1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x K1)   | x K1)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | 40.96   | 3       |         | 20.48   | 40.96   |
|         |         | (32)    |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         | \(8\)   | \(16\)  |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sup     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| porting |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| FR2     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lasses. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| corr    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| esponds |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of PTW  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\le    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ft\lcei |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| l \frac |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {Tevalu |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ate,NR\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _ Inter |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ RedC |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ap\_ Re |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lax*DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ cycl |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| e}{1.28 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| } \righ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\rceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *1.28$. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| In this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| case    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| next    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| av      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ailable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| shall   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not be  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pe      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rformed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| across  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW's.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| K1 = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *cell   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| EdgeEva |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

##### 4.2B.2.10.11 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-frequency NR
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has fulfilled both
criteria, and

\- less than 1 hour have passed since measurements for cell reselection
were last performed

In this case the UE is not required to meet T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ as
defined in clause 4.2B.2.4.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE
shall search for, measure and evaluate inter-frequency layers of higher,
equal or lower priority at least every 1 hour.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the
UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at least
every K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~
is described in clause 4.2.2.7 and K2=60.

The requirements defined in this clause apply regardless of eDRX\_IDLE
configurations.

#### 4.2B.2.11 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

##### 4.2B.2.11.1 Introduction

This clause contains the requirements for measurements on inter-RAT
E-UTRAN cells when the UE is configured with any of the following
relaxed measurement criteria:

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for a stationary UE defined in clause
5.2.4.9.3 in \[1\],

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for a stationary UE not at cell edge
defined in clause 5.2.4.9.4 in \[1\],

\- Both low mobility criterion and stationary criterion as defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.1 and 5.2.4.9.3 in \[1\] respectively.

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE with low mobility defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.1 in \[1\],

\- Relaxed measurement criterion for UE not-at-cell edge defined in
clause 5.2.4.9.2 in \[1\],

\- Both low mobility criterion and not-at-cell edge criterion as defined
in clauses 5.2.4.9.1 and 5.2.4.9.2 in \[1\] respectively.

##### 4.2B.2.11.2 Measurements for UE fulfilling stationary criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and UE is not configured with *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\]
criterion and UE has fulfilled the *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criterion and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled only the *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.5 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.2-1.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE up to 10.24s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.2-3.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.2-4, provided eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW window length.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then
the UE shall search for E-UTRA inter-RAT frequency layers of higher
priority at least every K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2.2.7 and, K2 =
240.

Table 4.2B.2.11.2-1: T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax,~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~d            | T~me           | T~eva          |
| length \[s\]   | etect,EUTRAN\_ | asure,EUTRAN\_ | luate,EUTRAN\_ |
|                | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0.32           | 11.52 x K3 (36 | 1.28 x K3 (4 x | 5.12 x K3 (16  |
|                | x K3)          | K3)            | x K3)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 x K3 (28 | 1.28 x K3 (2 x | 5.12 x K3 (8 x |
|                | x K3)          | K3)            | K3)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32 x K3 (25 x  | 1.28 x K3 (1 x | 6.4 x K3 (5 x  |
|                | K3)            | K3)            | K3)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K3 (23 | 2.56 x K3 (1 x | 7.68 x K3 (3 x |
|                | x K3)          | K3)            | K3)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: K3 = 6 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *s             |                |                |                |
| tationaryMobil |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.11.2-2: Void

Table 4.2B.2.11.2-3: T~detect,E-UTRAN\ \_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,E-UTRAN\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,E-UTRAN\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| **eDRX\_IDLE   | **T~de         | **T~mea        | **T~eval       |
| cycle length   | tect,E-UTRAN\_ | sure,E-UTRAN\_ | uate,E-UTRAN\_ |
| \[s\]**        | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |
|                | of DRX         | of DRX         | of DRX         |
|                | cycles)**      | cycles)**      | cycles)**      |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K3 (23 | 2.56 x K3 (1 x | 7.68 x K3 (3 x |
|                | x K3)          | K3)            | K3)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 5.12           | 117.76 x K3    | 5.12 x K3 (1 x | 10.24 x K3 (2  |
|                | (23 x K3)      | K3)            | x K3)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 10.24          | 235.52 x K3    | 10.24 x K3 (1  | 20.48 x K3 (2  |
|                | (23 x K3)      | x K3)          | x K3)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Void   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K3 = 6 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *s             |                |                |                |
| tationaryMobil |                |                |                |
| ityEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.11.2-4: T~detect,E-UTRAN\ \_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,E-UTRAN\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,E-UTRAN\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T~detec  | T~measur | T~       |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | t,EUTRAN | e,EUTRAN | evaluate |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | ,E-UTRAN |
| length   | \[s\]    | (*       | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_RedCap |
| \[s\]    |          | **number | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \_Relax~ |
|          |          | of 1.28  | (number  | (number  |          |
|          |          | s        | of DRX   | of DRX   | \[s\]    |
|          |          | per      | cycles)  | cycles)  | (number  |
|          |          | iods***) |          |          | of DRX   |
|          |          |          |          |          | cycles)  |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 10.24 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥6.4 (5) | K3 x (23 | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          |          | x K3)    | K3 (1 x  | K3 (2 x  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          | K3)      | K3)      |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| length ≤ |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[       |          |          |          |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥12.8    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (10)     |          | K3 (1 x  | K3 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K3)      | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥15.36   |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K3 (1 x  | K3 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K3)      | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥30.72   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (4)      |          | K3 (1 x  | K3 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K3)      | K3)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Void.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,E - |          |          |          |          |          |
|  UTRAN\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K3 = 6   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *stati   |          |          |          |          |          |
| onaryMob |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

##### 4.2B.2.11.3 Measurements for a UE fulfilling not-at-cell edge while stationary criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criterion and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion, and

has fulfilled both criteria, and

\- less than 4 hours have passed since measurements for cell reselection
were last performed.

In this case the UE is not required to meet T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap,~
T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ as defined in
clause 4.2B.2.5.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE
shall search for, measure and evaluate inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers of
higher or lower priority at least every 4 hours.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the
UE shall search for inter-RAT E-UTRAN of higher priority at least every
K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2.2.7 and K2=240.

The requirements defined in this clause apply regardless of eDRX\_IDLE
configurations.

##### 4.2B.2.11.3A Measurements for a UE fulfilling stationary and not-at-cell-edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

> \- UE is configured with both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
> criterion and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has fulfilled
> both criteria, or,

\- UE is configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion,
*stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled *cellEdgeEvaluation* and *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\]
criterion.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.5 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.2-1.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE up to 10.24s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.2-2.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.2-3, provided eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW window length.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the
UE shall search for inter-RAT E-UTRAN of higher priority at least every
K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2.2.7 and K2=240.

##### 4.2B.2.11.4 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility and stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has also fulfilled
both criteria, or,

\- UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
with both *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled *lowMobilityEvaluation* and *stationaryMobilityEvaluation*
\[2\] criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.11.2 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.11.5 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell-edge while stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE
has fulfilled this criterion, and

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation \[2\]* and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion, and UE has
fulfilled both criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.11.3 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.11.6 Measurements for a UE fulfilling not-at-cell edge and not-at-cell edge while stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with cellEdgeEvaluation \[2\] criterion and UE has
fulfilled that criterion, and

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion, and has
fulfilled both criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.11.3 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.11.7 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell edge criteria and not-at-cell-edge while stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

-   UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
    and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has fulfilled both
    criteria, and

-   UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
    and *cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion, and has
    also fulfilled both criteria

The requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.11.3 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.11.8 Measurements for a UE fulfilling low mobility, not-at-cell edge and stationary criteria

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and has fulfilled both
criteria, and

\- UE is configured with *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion
and has also fulfilled that criterion, or UE is configured with both
*stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*cellEdgeEvaluationWhileStationary* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition2* \[2\] is not configured, and UE has
fulfilled *stationaryMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criteria.

In this case the UE is not required to meet T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ as
defined in clause 4.2B.2.5.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the
requirements of Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤
S~nonIntraSearchQ~ defined in clause 4.2.2.11.4 apply for this clause.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the
UE the requirements of Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \>
S~nonIntraSearchQ~ defined in clause 4.2B.2.11.2 apply for this clause.

##### 4.2B.2.11.9 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *lowMobilityEvalutation* \[2\] criterion and UE
is not configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE has
fulfilled the *lowMobilityEvalutation* \[2\] criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvalutation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition* \[2\] is not configured, and

\- UE has fulfilled only the *lowMobilityEvalutation* \[2\] criterion.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.5 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.9-1.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE up to 10.24s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.9-2.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.9-3, provided eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW window length.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ and
the UE is configured with *highPriorityMeasRelax* \[2\] then the UE
shall search for E-UTRA inter-RAT frequency layers of higher priority at
least every K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ seconds where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2B.2.7 and, K2 =
60. Otherwise, if the UE is not configured with *highPriorityMeasRelax*
\[2\] then the UE shall search for E-UTRA inter-RAT frequency layers of
higher priority at least every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2B.2.7.

Table 4.2B.2.11.9-1: T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax,~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~d            | T~me           | T~eva          |
| length \[s\]   | etect,EUTRAN\_ | asure,EUTRAN\_ | luate,EUTRAN\_ |
|                | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0.32           | 11.52 x K1 (36 | 1.28 x K1 (4 x | 5.12 x K1 (16  |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 x K1 (28 | 1.28 x K1 (2 x | 5.12 x K1 (8 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32 x K1 (25 x  | 1.28 x K1 (1 x | 6.4 x K1 (5 x  |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 (1 x K1)  | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          |                | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *lowMobili     |                |                |                |
| tyEvalutation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.11.9-2: T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,~
~EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE
configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle upto 10.24s

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                   T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~measure,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  **2.56**                                                                                                                        **58.88 x K1 (23 x K1)**                                               **2.56 (1 x K1)**                                                       **7.68 x K1 (3 x K1)**
  5.12                                                                                                                            117.76 x K1 (23 x K1)                                                  5.12 x K1 (1 x K1)                                                      10.24 x K1 (2 x K1)
  10.24                                                                                                                           235.52 x K1 (23 x K1)                                                  10.24 x K1 (1 x K1)                                                     20.48 x K1 (2 x K1)
  NOTE 1: K1 = 3 is the measurement relaxation factor applicable for UE fulfilling the *lowMobilityEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.                                                                                                                                                  

Table 4.2B.2.11.9-3: T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T        | T~measur | T        |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | ~detect, | e,EUTRAN | ~evaluat |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | \ EUTRAN | \_RedCap | e,EUTRAN |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \_RedCap | \_Relax~ | \_RedCap |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \_Relax~ | \[s\]    | \_Relax~ |
|          |          | s        | \[s\]    | (number  | \[s\]    |
|          |          | periods) | (number  | of DRX   | (number  |
|          |          |          | of DRX   | cycles)  | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | cycles)  |          | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | eDRX}\_\ | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | text{cyc | K1)      | K1)      |
| cycle    |          |          | l}e\_ le |          |          |
| length   |          |          | ngth \ti |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
|          |          |          | }{PTW/DR |          |          |
|          |          |          | X\_ cycl |          |          |
|          |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th} \rig |          |          |
|          |          |          | ht\rceil |          |          |
|          |          |          |  x\ K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cor      |          |          |          |          |          |
| responds |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\lef    |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\lceil  |          |          |          |          |          |
| \frac{Te |          |          |          |          |          |
| valuate, |          |          |          |          |          |
| EUTRAN\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

##### 4.2B.2.11.10 Measurements for UE fulfilling with not-at-cell edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE is
not configured with *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and UE has
fulfilled the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, or

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvalutation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion and
*combineRelaxedMeasCondition* \[2\] is not configured, and

\- UE has fulfilled only the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
requirements defined in clause 4.2B.2.5 apply for this clause except
that:

\- For a UE not configured with eDRX\_IDLE,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.10-1.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE up to 10.24s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.10-2.

\- For a UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE greater than 10.24 s,
T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ are as specified in table
4.2B.2.11.10-3, provided eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ \[163.84\] sec and
evaluation/measurement time with relaxation on one carrier is not
greater than single PTW window length.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, then
regardless of whether the UE is configured with *highPriorityMeasRelax*
\[2\] or not, the UE shall search for inter-RAT E-UTRAN frequency layers
of higher priority at least every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2B.2.7.

Table 4.2B.2.11.10-1: T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax,~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | T~d            | T~me           | T~eva          |
| length \[s\]   | etect,EUTRAN\_ | asure,EUTRAN\_ | luate,EUTRAN\_ |
|                | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ | RedCap\_Relax~ |
|                | \[s\] (number  | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                | of DRX cycles) | of DRX cycles) | \[s\] (number  |
|                |                |                | of DRX cycles) |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0.32           | 11.52 x K1 (36 | 1.28 x K1 (4 x | 5.12 x K1 (16  |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | x K1)          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           | 17.92 x K1 (28 | 1.28 x K1 (2 x | 5.12 x K1 (8 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           | 32 x K1 (25 x  | 1.28 x K1 (1 x | 6.4 x K1 (5 x  |
|                | K1)            | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           | 58.88 x K1 (23 | 2.56 x K1 (1 x | 7.68 x K1 (3 x |
|                | x K1)          | K1)            | K1)            |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: K1 = 3 |                |                |                |
| is the         |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| relaxation     |                |                |                |
| factor         |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE fulfilling  |                |                |                |
| the            |                |                |                |
| *cellE         |                |                |                |
| dgeEvaluation* |                |                |                |
| \[2\]          |                |                |                |
| criterion.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 4.2B.2.11.10-2: T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle up to 10.24 s

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~measure,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)   T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ \[s\] (number of eDRX IDLE cycles)
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
  **2.56**                                                                                                                     **58.88 x K1 (23 x K1)**                                               **2.56 x K1 (1 x K1)**                                                  **7.68 x K1 (3 x K1)**
  5.12                                                                                                                         117.76 x K1 (23 x K1)                                                  5.12 x K1 (1 x K1)                                                      10.24 x K1 (2 x K1)
  10.24                                                                                                                        235.52 x K1 (23 x K1)                                                  10.24 x K1 (1 x K1)                                                     20.48 x K1 (2 x K1)
  NOTE 1: K1 = 3 is the measurement relaxation factor applicable for UE fulfilling the *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion.                                                                                                                                                  

Table 4.2B.2.11.10-3: T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE
cycle greater than 10.24 s

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX      | PTW      | T        | T~measur | T        |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | length   | ~detect, | e,EUTRAN | ~evaluat |
| cycle    | length   | \[s\]    | \ EUTRAN | \_RedCap | e,EUTRAN |
| length   | \[s\]    | (number  | \_RedCap | \_Relax~ | \_RedCap |
| \[s\]    |          | of 1.28  | \_Relax~ | \[s\]    | \_Relax~ |
|          |          | s        | \[s\]    | (number  | \[s\]    |
|          |          | periods) | (number  | of DRX   | (number  |
|          |          |          | of DRX   | cycles)  | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | cycles)  |          | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥3.84    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (3)      | eDRX}\_\ | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | text{cyc | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) |
| cycle    |          |          | l}e\_ le |          |          |
| length   |          |          | ngth \ti |          |          |
| ≤\[      |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| 163.84\] |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
|          |          |          | }{PTW/DR |          |          |
|          |          |          | X\_ cycl |          |          |
|          |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th} \rig |          |          |
|          |          |          | ht\rceil |          |          |
|          |          |          |  x\ K1$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | K1)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥3.84    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (3)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥7.68    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (6)      |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥15.36   |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (12)     |          | K1 (1 x  | K1 (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | K1)      | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| rrespond |          |          |          |          |          |
| to the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Intra\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Relax* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

##### 4.2B.2.11.11 Measurements for UE fulfilling low mobility and not-at-cell edge criterion

This clause contains requirements for measurements on inter-RAT E-UTRAN
cells provided that:

\- UE is configured with both *lowMobilityEvalutation* \[2\] criterion
and *cellEdgeEvaluation* \[2\] criterion, and both criteria are
fulfilled, and

\- less than 1 hour have passed since measurements for cell reselection
were last performed,

In this case the UE is not required to meet T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap~,
T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ as defined in
clause 4.2B.2.5.

When Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the UE
shall search for, measure and evaluate inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers of
higher, equal or lower priority at least every 1 hour.

When Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, the
UE shall search for inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers of higher priority at least
every K2\*T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~
is described in clause 4.2.2.7 and K2=60.

The requirements defined in this clause apply regardless of eDRX\_IDLE
configurations.

4.2C Cell Re-selection for NR UE for Satellite Access
-----------------------------------------------------

### 4.2C.1 Introduction

The cell reselection procedure allows the UE to select a more suitable
cell and camp on it.

When the UE is in either *Camped* *Normally* state or *Camped on Any
Cell* state on a cell, the UE shall attempt to detect, synchronise, and
monitor intra-frequency , inter-frequency and inter-RAT cells indicated
by the serving cell. For intra-frequency ,inter-frequency and inter-RAT
cells, the serving cell may provide explicit neighbour list, or only
carrier frequency information and bandwidth information. UE measurement
activity is also controlled by measurement rules defined in TS 38.304
\[1\], allowing the UE to limit its measurement activity.

For intra-frequency cell re-selection, requirements in 4.2C.2.3 apply.

For inter-frequency cell re-selection, when TN carrier is not
configured, requirements specified in clause 4.2C.2.4 apply and when NTN
carrier is configured, requirements specified in clause 4.2C.2.10 apply.

For inter-RAT cell re-selection, requirements in 4.2C.2.11 apply.

The requirements specified in clause 4.2C shall apply for the
quasi-earth fixed cell and the earth moving cell.

The requirements specified in clause 4.2C apply to FR1-NTN and FR2-NTN
as defined in TS 38.101-5 \[43\].

The requirements specified in clause 4.2C apply to FR2-NTN with the
following assumption:

\- no inter-satellite measurement is configured;

\- single SAN Tx beam per radio cell in DL;

\- same UE Rx beam is used for both serving and neighbouring cells which
belong to the same satellite.

### 4.2C.2 Requirements

#### 4.2C.2.1 UE measurement capability

For idle mode cell re-selection purposes, the UE shall be capable of
monitoring at least:

\- Intra-frequency carrier, and

\- Depending on UE capability, 7 NR inter-frequency carriers.

#### 4.2C.2.2 Measurement and evaluation of serving cell

The UE shall measure the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ level of the serving cell
and evaluate the cell selection criterion S defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]
for the serving cell at least once every M1\*N1 DRX cycle; where:

\- M1=2 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and DRX cycle ≤ 0.64
second and N~SMTC~ =1, upon one SMTC configured at the UE,

\- M1=2.5 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and DRX cycle ≤ 0.64
second and 1\<N~SMTC~ ≤ 4,

\- otherwise M1=1.

Where, N~SMTC~ is the number of SMTCs configured by SAN.

The UE shall filter the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the serving
cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used
for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by, at
least DRX cycle/2.

If the UE has evaluated according to table 4.2C.2.2-1 in N~serv~
consecutive DRX cycles that the serving cell does not fulfil the cell
selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate the measurements of all
neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell, regardless of the
measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement activities.

Additionally, if the UE is configured with '*t-service*' \[2\], the UE
shall start measurements of the neighbour cells indicated by the serving
cell before '*t-service*' is reached according to the requirements
provided in clauses 4.2C.2.3 and 4.2C.2.4.

Also,

\- if *distanceThresh* and *referenceLocation* are configured by the
network \[2\] and the UE supports location-based measurement initiation
and has obtained its location information, the UE shall initiate the
measurements of all neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell if the
distance between UE and the serving cell reference location --
*referenceLocation ­--* is larger than *distanceThresh.* The
requirements apply provided that the distance exceeds the
*distanceThresh* by a margin of 50 m.

\- if *distanceThresh* and *movingReferenceLocation* are configured by
the network \[2\] and the UE supports location-based measurement
initiation and has obtained its location information, the UE shall
initiate the measurements of all neighbour cells indicated by the
serving cell if the distance between UE and the serving cell moving
reference location -- \[*movingReferenceLocation*\] *­--* is larger than
*distanceThresh.* The requirements apply provided that the distance
exceeds the *distanceThresh* by a margin of 80 m.

If the UE is not configured with*'t-Service*' \[2\] in the serving cell
and if the UE in RRC\_IDLE has not found any new suitable cell based on
searches and measurements using the intra-frequency, inter-frequency and
inter-RAT information indicated in the system information for 10 s, the
UE shall initiate cell selection procedures for the selected PLMN as
defined in TS 38.304 \[1\].

If the UE is configured with '*t-Service*' in the serving cell then the
UE shall initiate cell selection procedures for the selected PLMN as
defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] when any of the following conditions is
fulfilled:

\- If the UE in RRC\_IDLE has not found any new suitable cell based on
searches and measurements using the intra-frequency, inter-frequency and
inter-RAT information indicated in the system information within 10 s
since time instance T1 provided that '*t-Service*' \> T1 or

\- If the UE in RRC\_IDLE has not found any new suitable cell based on
searches and measurements using the intra-frequency, inter-frequency and
inter-RAT information indicated in the system information within 10 s
since the time instance '*t-Service*'.

\- Where, T1 is the time instance in seconds when the UE has determined
that the serving cell does not fulfil the cell selection criterion S.

Table 4.2C.2.2-1: N~serv~

  **DRX cycle length \[s\]**                                                                                             **Scaling Factor (N1)**   **N~serv~ \[number of DRX cycles\]**
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------------------------------------
                                                                                                                         **FR1 and FR2-NTN**       
  0.32                                                                                                                   1                         M1\*N1\*4
  0.64                                                                                                                                             M1\*N1\*4
  1.28                                                                                                                                             N1\*2
  2.56                                                                                                                                             N1\*2
  NOTE 1: The UE is not required to meet the requirements for 2.56 s DRX cycle length for earth-moving LEO deployment.                             

#### 4.2C.2.3 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells

The UE shall be able to identify new intra-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the identified intra-frequency cells
without an explicit intra-frequency neighbour list containing physical
layer cell identities.

If Srxlev \> S~IntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~IntraSearchQ~, and the
distance between UE and serving cell reference location or serving cell
moving reference location is smaller than *distanceThresh* if the
*distanceThresh* is configured (see TS 38.304\[1\]) and UE has location
information, then the UE is not required to perform measurement of
intra-frequency.

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
intra-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304
\[1\] within K~multi\_SMTC~ \* T~detect,NR\_Intra~ when that
T~reselection~= 0 if the UE does not support *Enhanced RRM requirements
for measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\]
or if the *enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or within
K~multi\_SMTC~ \* T~detect,NR\_Intra\_enh~ if the UE supports *Enhanced
RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE modes* defined in
TS 38.306 \[14\] and the *enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is enabled. An
intra frequency cell is considered to be detectable according to the
conditions defined in annex B.1.6 for a corresponding Band.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ at least every K~multi\_SMTC~
\* T~measure,NR\_Intra~ (see table 4.2C.2.3-1) if the UE does not
support *Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE
modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] or if the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or every K~multi\_SMTC~ \*
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_enh~ (see table 4.2C.2.3-2) if the UE supports
*Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE modes*
defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] and the *enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is
enabled, for intra-frequency cells that are identified and measured
according to the measurement rules.

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
intra-frequency cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of
measurements used for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be
spaced by at least T~measure,NR\_Intra~/2.

For UE in FR1-NTN:

If SMTCs do not overlap with each other,

\- $K_{multi\_ SMTC} = 1$, if GEO satellites are measured on the
carrier;

\-
$K_{multi\_ SMTC} = \left\lceil \frac{N_{LEO,i}}{N_{LEO,simul}} \right\rceil$,
if LEO satellites are measured on the carrier;

\- If SMTCs partially overlap with each other,

\- $K_{multi\_ SMTC} = N_{SMTC,overlap}$, if only GEO satellites are
measured on the carrier;

\-
$K_{multi\_ SMTC} = \sum_{i = 1}^{N_{SMTC,overlap}}\left\lceil \frac{N_{LEO,i}}{N_{LEO,simul}} \right\rceil$,
if only LEO satellites are measured on the carrier;

Where

\- $N_{LEO,i}$ Is the number of LEO satellites to be measured within
i-th SMTC,

\- $N_{LEO,simul}$ Is the number of LEO satellites that UE can measure
in parallel within an SMTC,

\- $N_{SMTC,overlap}$ Is the number of SMTCs that partially overlap with
each other.

Note: for deriving K~multi\_SMTC~ for T~detect,NR\_Intra~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~, two SMTCs are considered
as overlapping if they overlap in one or more occasions during a single
T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ or T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~.

For UE in FR2-NTN, K~multi\_SMTC~ = 1.

The parameter K~multi\_SMTC~ is the scaling factor for measurements of
multiple SMTCs which correspond to different satellites.

The UE shall not consider a NR neighbour cell in cell reselection, if it
is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an intra-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the intra-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] within K~multi\_SMTC~ \*
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ if the UE does not support *Enhanced RRM
requirements for measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS
38.306 \[14\] or if the *enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or
within K~multi\_SMTC~ \* T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_enh~ if the UE supports
*Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE modes*
defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] and the *enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is
enabled, when T~reselection~ = 0 as specified in table 4.2C.2.3-1 or
table 4.2C.2.3-2 provided that:

\- when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:

\- the cell is at least 3 dB better ranked in FR1 or 4.5 dB better
ranked in FR2.

\- when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:

\- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value in TS 38.304 \[1\] is within
*rangeToBestCell* of the cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest
ranked cell.

\- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank among
them.

\- the cell is at least 3 dB better ranked in FR1 or 4.5 dB better
ranked in FR2 if the current serving cell is among them.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and non-serving intra-frequency cells.

If T~reselection~ timer has a nonzero value and the intra-frequency cell
is satisfied with the reselection criteria which are defined in TS
38.304 \[1\], the UE shall evaluate this intra-frequency cell for the
T~reselection~ time. If this cell remains satisfied with the reselection
criteria within this duration, then the UE shall reselect that cell.

Table 4.2C.2.3-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| DRX cycle   | Scaling     | T~detect    | T~measure   | T~evaluate  |
| length      | Factor (N1) | ,NR\_Intra~ | ,NR\_Intra~ | ,NR\_Intra~ |
| \[s\]       |             | \[s\]       | \[s\]       |             |
|             |             | (number of  | (number of  | \[s\]       |
|             |             | DRX cycles) | DRX cycles) | (number of  |
|             |             |             |             | DRX cycles) |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             | FR1 and     |             |             |             |
|             | FR2-NTN     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 0.32        | 1           | 11.52 x N1  | 1.28 x N1 x | 5.12 x N1 x |
|             |             | x M2 (36 x  | M2 (4 x N1  | M2 (16 x N1 |
|             |             | N1 x M2)    | x M2)       | x M2)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 0.64        |             | 17.92 x N1  | 1.28 x N1   | 5.12 x N1   |
|             |             | (28 x N1)   | (2 x N1)    | (8 x N1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 1.28        |             | 32 x N1 (25 | 1.28 x N1   | 6.4 x N1 (5 |
|             |             | x N1)       | (1 x N1)    | x N1)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2.56        |             | 58.88 x N1  | 2.56 x N1   | 7.68 x N1   |
|             |             | (23 x N1)   | (1 x N1)    | (3 x N1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: M2  |             |             |             |             |
| = 2 if SMTC |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| of measured |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| cell \> 20  |             |             |             |             |
| ms and      |             |             |             |             |
| 1\<N~SMTC~  |             |             |             |             |
| ≤ 4 upon    |             |             |             |             |
| more than 1 |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| configured  |             |             |             |             |
| at the UE;  |             |             |             |             |
| M2 = 1.5 if |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| of measured |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| cell \> 20  |             |             |             |             |
| ms and      |             |             |             |             |
| N~SMTC~=1   |             |             |             |             |
| upon 1 SMTC |             |             |             |             |
| configured  |             |             |             |             |
| at the UE;  |             |             |             |             |
| otherwise   |             |             |             |             |
| M2=1.       |             |             |             |             |
| Where,      |             |             |             |             |
| N~SMTC~ is  |             |             |             |             |
| the number  |             |             |             |             |
| of SMTCs    |             |             |             |             |
| configured  |             |             |             |             |
| by SAN If   |             |             |             |             |
| different   |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| pe          |             |             |             |             |
| riodicities |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| configured  |             |             |             |             |
| for         |             |             |             |             |
| different   |             |             |             |             |
| cells, the  |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| in this     |             |             |             |             |
| note is the |             |             |             |             |
| one used by |             |             |             |             |
| the cell    |             |             |             |             |
| being       |             |             |             |             |
| identified. |             |             |             |             |
| During      |             |             |             |             |
| PSS/SSS     |             |             |             |             |
| detection,  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| of the SMTC |             |             |             |             |
| configured  |             |             |             |             |
| for the     |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| carrier is  |             |             |             |             |
| assumed,    |             |             |             |             |
| and if the  |             |             |             |             |
| actual SSB  |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| is greater  |             |             |             |             |
| than the    |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| configured  |             |             |             |             |
| for the     |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| carrier,    |             |             |             |             |
| longer      |             |             |             |             |
| T~detect,\  |             |             |             |             |
|  NR\_intra~ |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| expected.   |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: The |             |             |             |             |
| UE is not   |             |             |             |             |
| required to |             |             |             |             |
| meet the    |             |             |             |             |
| r           |             |             |             |             |
| equirements |             |             |             |             |
| for 2.56 s  |             |             |             |             |
| DRX cycle   |             |             |             |             |
| length for  |             |             |             |             |
| e           |             |             |             |             |
| arth-moving |             |             |             |             |
| LEO         |             |             |             |             |
| deployment. |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 4.2C.2.3-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_enh,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra\_enh~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_enh~

  **DRX cycle length \[s\]**                                                                      **T~detect,NR\_Intra\_enh~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)**   **T~measure,NR\_Intra\_enh~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)**   **T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_enh~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)**
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  0.32                                                                                            2.56 x M2 (8 x M2)^Note\ 1^                                 0.32 x M3 (1 x M3) ^Note\ 1^                                 0.96 x M4 (3 x M4) ^Note\ 1^
  0.64                                                                                            5.12 (8)                                                    0.64 (1)                                                     1.92 (3)
  1.28                                                                                            8.96 (7)                                                    1.28 (1)                                                     3.84 (3)
  2.56                                                                                            58.88 (23)                                                  2.56 (1)                                                     7.68 (3)
  NOTE 1: When SMTC \< = 40 ms, M2 = M3 = M4 = 1; and when SMTC \> 40 ms, M2 = 2, M3 = M4 = 2.5                                                                                                                            

If '*t-Service*' is broadcasted and applicable, UE shall be able to
detect, measure, and evaluate neighbour cells before the serving cell
stops serving the area regardless of whether the distance condition
based on serving cell reference location or serving cell moving
reference location is met or the legacy Srxlev/Squal condition are met,
and when to start the detection, measurement and evaluation on neighbour
cells is up to UE implementation. This requirement does not apply when
the time span from the last slot of SI transmission within SI
modification period where the broadcasting of the last updated value for
t-Service is acquired by the UE for the first time to the first slot
when the cell is scheduled to stop serving the area according to the
broadcasted information is less than T~trigger~.

T~trigger~ = max(K~multi\_SMTC~\*T~detect,NR\_Intra~,
K~multi\_SMTC~\*K~carrier~\* T~detect,NR\_Inter~),

where

\- K~carrier~ is the number of NR inter-frequency carriers indicated by
the serving cell,

\- T~detect,NR\_Intra~ refers to intra-frequency cell detection delay in
IDLE/INACTIVE mode defined in table 4.2C.2.3-2,

\- T~detect,NR\_Inter~ refers to inter-frequency cell detection delay in
IDLE/INACTIVE mode defined in table 4.2C.2.4-2.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that the number of SMTCs
for intra-frequency carrier does not exceed the *parallelSMTC-r17*,
otherwise UE may select one or subset of all the configured SMTCs
sequentially for performing the measurements until all of the SMTCs can
be measured. The selection of SMTCs to be used is up to UE
implementation, and in this case, measurement period longer than the
corresponding measurement period specified in table 4.2C.2.3-1 and table
4.2C.2.3-2 is expected.

#### 4.2C.2.4 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells

The UE shall be able to identify new inter-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of identified inter-frequency cells if
carrier frequency information is provided by the serving cell, even if
no explicit neighbour list with physical layer cell identities is
provided.

If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, and the
distance between UE and serving cell reference location or serving cell
moving reference location is smaller than *distanceThresh* if
*distanceThresh* is configured and UE has location information, then the
UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at least
every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2C.2.9.

If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, or the
distance between UE and serving cell reference location or serving cell
moving reference location is larger than *distanceThresh* if
*distanceThresh* is configured and UE has location information, then the
UE shall search for and measure inter-frequency layers of higher, equal
or lower priority in preparation for possible reselection. The
requirements apply provided that the distance exceeds the
*distanceThresh* by a margin of 50 m when *referenceLocation* is
configured by the network or 80 m when *movingReferenceLocation* is
configured by the network. In this scenario, the minimum rate at which
the UE is required to search for and measure higher priority layers
shall be the same as that defined below in this clause.

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
inter-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304
\[1\] within
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{detect,NR\_ Inter}$ if the UE
does not support t *Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE
and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] or if the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or within
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{detect,NR\_ Inter\_ enh}$ if
the UE supports *Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE and
INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] and the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is enabled, if at least carrier frequency
information is provided for inter-frequency neighbour cells by the
serving cells when T~reselection~ = 0 provided that the reselection
criteria is met by a margin of at least \[5\]dB in FR1 for reselections
based on ranking or \[6\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRP reselections based on
absolute priorities or \[4\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on
absolute priorities. The parameter K~carrier~ is the number of NR
inter-frequency carriers indicated by the serving cell.

The parameter K~multi\_SMTC~ is the scaling factor for measurement of
multiple SMTCs or multiple satellites.

For FR2-NTN, K~multi\_SMTC~ = 1.

For UE in FR1-NTN:

> \- If SMTCs do not overlap with each other,
>
> \- $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}}} = 1$, if GEO satellites are
> measured on the carrier;
>
> \-
> $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}}} = \left\lceil \frac{N_{LEO,i}}{N_{LEO,simul}} \right\rceil$,
> if LEO satellites are measured on the carrier;
>
> \- If SMTCs partially overlap with each other,
>
> \- $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}}} = N_{SMTC,overlap}$, if only GEO
> satellites are measured on the carrier;
>
> \-
> $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}}} = \sum_{i = 1}^{N_{SMTC,overlap}}\left\lceil \frac{N_{LEO,i}}{N_{LEO,simul}} \right\rceil$,
> if only LEO satellites are measured on the carrier;
>
> where
>
> $N_{LEO,i}$ is the number of LEO satellites to be measured within i-th
> SMTC,
>
> $N_{LEO,simul}$ is the number of LEO satellites that UE can measure in
> parallel within an SMTC,$N_{SMTC,overlap}$ is the number of SMTCs that
> partially overlap with each other.

NOTE: For deriving K~multi\_SMTC~ for T~detect,NR\_Inter~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ of frequency layer *j*,
two SMTCs are considered as overlapping if they overlap in one or more
occasions during a single T~detect,NR\_Inter~, T~measure,NR\_Inter~ or
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~.

An inter-frequency cell is considered to be detectable according to the
conditions defined in Annex B.1.7 for a corresponding Band.

When higher priority cells are found by the higher priority search, they
shall be measured at least every T~measure,NR\_Inter~. If, after
detecting a cell in a higher priority search, it is determined that
reselection has not occurred then the UE is not required to continuously
measure the detected cell to evaluate the ongoing possibility of
reselection. However, the minimum measurement filtering requirements
specified later in this clause shall still be met by the UE before it
makes any determination that it may stop measuring the cell. If the UE
detects on a NR carrier a cell whose physical identity is indicated as
not allowed for that carrier in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell, the UE is not required to perform
measurements on that cell.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ at least every
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{measure,NR\_ Inter}$ (see
table 4.2C.2.4-1) if the UE does not support *Enhanced RRM requirements
for measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\]
or if the *enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or every
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{measure,NR\_ Inter\_ enh}$
(see table 4.2C.2.4-2) if the UE supports *Enhanced RRM requirements for
measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] and
the *enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17*is enabled, for identified lower or
equal priority inter-frequency cells. If the UE detects on a NR carrier
a cell whose physical identity is indicated as not allowed for that
carrier in the measurement control system information of the serving
cell, the UE is not required to perform measurements on that cell.

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
higher, lower and equal priority inter-frequency cell using at least 2
measurements. Within the set of measurements used for the filtering, at
least two measurements shall be spaced by at least
T~measure,NR\_Inter~/2.

The UE shall not consider a NR neighbour cell in cell reselection, if it
is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an inter-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the inter-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined TS 38.304 \[1\] within
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{evaluate,NR\_ Inter}$ if the
UE does not support *Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE
and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] or if the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or within
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{evaluate,NR\_ Inter\_ enh\ }$
if the UE supports *Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE
and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] and the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is enabled, when T~reselection~ = 0 as
specified in table 4.2C.2.4-1 provided that the reselection criteria is
met by

> \- the condition when performing equal priority reselection and
>
> \- when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:
>
> \- the cell is at least \[5\]dB better ranked in FR1 or.
>
> when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:
>
> \- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
> *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
> cell-ranking criterion R value in TS 38.304 \[1\] is within
> *rangeToBestCell* of the cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest
> ranked cell.
>
> \- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank
> among them
>
> \- the cell is at least \[5\]dB better ranked in FR1 if the current
> serving cell is among them. or
>
> \- \[6\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRP reselections based on absolute
> priorities or
>
> \- \[4\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on absolute
> priorities.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and inter-frequency cells.

If T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and the inter-frequency
cell is satisfied with the reselection criteria, the UE shall evaluate
this inter-frequency cell for the T~reselection~ time. If this cell
remains satisfied with the reselection criteria within this duration,
then the UE shall reselect that cell.

The UE is not expected to meet the measurement requirements for an
inter-frequency carrier under DRX cycle=320 ms defined in table
4.2C.2.4-1 under the following conditions:

> \- T~SMTC\_intra~ = T~SMTC\_inter~ = 160 ms; where

\- T~SMTC\_intra~ is the periodicity of the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier if no identified intra-frequency cell is in the
PCI list of *smtc2-LP* on this intra-frequency carrier; T~SMTC\_intra~
is the periodicity of the *smtc2-LP* configured for the intra-frequency
carrier if at least one identified intra-frequency cell is in the PCI
list of *smtc2-LP* on this intra-frequency carrier. During PSS/SSS
detection, the periodicity of the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier is assumed for T~SMTC\_intra~. If the actual SSB
transmission periodicity is greater than the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier, longer T~detect,\ NR\_intra~ is expected.

\- T~SMTC\_inter~ is the actual SMTC periodicity used by the
inter-frequency cell being identified. During PSS/SSS detection, the
periodicity of the SMTC configured for the inter-frequency carrier is
assumed for T~SMTC\_inter~. If the actual SSB transmission periodicity
is greater than the SMTC configured for the inter-frequency carrier,
longer T~detect,\ NR\_inter~ is expected.

\- SMTC occasions configured for the inter-frequency carrier occur up to
1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms after the end of the SMTC occasions
configured for the intra-frequency carrier, and

\- SMTC occasions configured for the intra-frequency carrier and for the
inter-frequency carrier occur up to 1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms
after the end of the paging occasion in TS 38.304 \[1\].

Table 4.2C.2.4-1: T~detect,NR\_Inter,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~

  DRX cycle length \[s\]                                                                                               Scaling Factor (N1)   T~detect,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- -------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                       FR1 and FR2-NTN                                                                                                              
  0.32                                                                                                                 1                     11.52 x N1 x 1.5 (36 x N1 x 1.5)                   1.28 x N1 x 1.5 (4 x N1 x 1.5)                      5.12 x N1 x 1.5 (16 x N1 x 1.5)
  0.64                                                                                                                                       17.92x N1 (28 x N1)                                1.28 x N1 (2 x N1)                                  5.12 x N1 (8 x N1)
  1.28                                                                                                                                       32 x N1 (25 x N1)                                  1.28 x N1 (1 x N1)                                  6.4 x N1 (5 x N1)
  2.56                                                                                                                                       58.88 x N1 (23 x N1)                               2.56 x N1 (1 x N1)                                  7.68 x N1 (3 x N1)
  NOTE 1: UE is not required to fulfil the requirements for 2.56 s DRX cycle length for earth-moving LEO deployment.                                                                                                                                

Table 4.2C.2.4-2: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_enh,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter\_enh~
and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_enh~

  DRX cycle length \[s\]                                                                          T~detect,NR\_Inter\_enh~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Inter\_enh~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_enh~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
  0.32                                                                                            \[3.2 x M2 (10 x M2)\] ^Note\ 1^                        \[0.32 x M3 (\[1\] x M3)\] ^Note\ 1^                     0.96 x M4 (3 x M4) ^Note\ 1^
  0.64                                                                                            \[6.4 (10)\]                                            \[0.64 (1)\]                                             1.92 (3)
  1.28                                                                                            \[10.24 (8)\]                                           1.28 (1)                                                 3.84 (3)
  2.56                                                                                            58.88 (23)                                              2.56 (1)                                                 7.68 (3)
  NOTE 1: When SMTC \< = 40 ms, M2 = M3 = M4 = 1; and when SMTC \> 40 ms, M2 = 1.5, M3 = M4 = 2                                                                                                                    

If *t-Service* is broadcasted and applicable, UE shall be able to
detect, measure, and evaluate neighbour cells before the serving cell
stops serving the area regardless of whether the distance condition
based on serving cell reference location or serving cell moving
reference location or the legacy Srxlev/Squal condition are met, and
when to start detection, measurement, and evaluation is up to UE
implementation. This requirement does not apply when the time span from
the last slot of SI transmission within SI modification period where the
broadcasting of the last updated value for t-Service is acquired by the
UE for the first time to the first slot when the cell is scheduled to
stop serving the area according to the broadcasted information is less
than T~trigger~, and T~trigger~ =
max(K~multi\_SMTC~\*T~detect,NR\_Intra~, K~multi\_SMTC~\*K~carrier~\*
T~detect,NR\_Inter~) when serving cell is below the search threshold,
and T~trigger~ = max(K~multi\_SMTC~\*T~detect,NR\_Intra~, N~layer~\*
\[60 s\]) when serving cell is above the search threshold, where

\- K~carrier~ is the number of NR inter-frequency carriers indicated by
the serving cell,

\- N~layer~ is the total number of higher priority NR carrier
frequencies broadcasted in system information,

\- T~detect,NR\_Intra~ refers to HST intra-frequency cell detection
delay in IDLE/INACTIVE mode defined table 4.2.2.3-2,

\- T~detect,NR\_Inter~ refers to HST inter-frequency cell detection
delay in IDLE/INACTIVE mode defined table 4.2.2.4-2.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that the number of SMTCs
for any inter-frequency carrier does not exceed the values indicated by
*parallelSMTC-r17*, otherwise UE may select one or subset of all the
configured SMTCs sequentially until all of the SMTCs can be measured,
the selection of SMTCs to be used is up to UE implementation, and longer
measurement delay than the corresponding measurement period specified in
table 4.2C.2.4-1 and table 4.2C.2.4-2 is expected.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that the valid
information for the satellite serving the target cell has been provided
by the serving cell.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that SSB of neighbour
cells are within the time shifted SMTC.

#### 4.2C.2.5 Maximum interruption in paging reception

UE shall perform the cell re-selection with minimum interruption in
monitoring downlink channels for paging reception.

At intra-frequency and inter-frequency cell re-selection, the UE shall
monitor the downlink of serving cell for paging reception until the UE
is capable to start monitoring downlink channels of the target
intra-frequency and inter-frequency cell for paging reception. The
interruption time shall not exceed T~SI-NR~ +
K\*T~target\_cell\_SMTC\_period~ ms.

At inter-frequency cell re-selection with TN carrier, the UE shall
monitor the downlink of serving cell for paging reception until the UE
is capable to start monitoring downlink channels of the target
inter-frequency cell for paging reception. The interruption time shall
not exceed T~SI-NR~ + K\*T~target\_cell\_SMTC\_period~ ms.

At inter-RAT cell re-selection with TN carrier, the UE shall monitor the
downlink of serving cell for paging reception until the UE is capable to
start monitoring downlink channels for paging reception of the target
inter-RAT cell. The interruption time must not exceed T~SI-EUTRA~ + 55
ms.

Where,

If the target cell belongs to the same satellite as the current one, and
if the target cell is known, then K = 2.

If the target cell belongs to a different satellite than the current one
and the target cell's satellite is GEO, and if the target cell is known,
then K = 2.

If the target cell belongs to a different satellite than the current one
and the target cell's satellite is non-GEO, then K = 5 if the target
cell is known.

If the target cell is NR cell with TN carrier, then K = 2.

T~target\_cell\_SMTC\_period~ is the periodicity of the SMTC occasions
configured for the target NR cell. If the target cell is in the PCI list
of *smtc2-LP*, the SMTC periodicity follows *smtc2-LP*; otherwise, the
SMTC periodicity follows *smtc*.

T~SI-NR~ is the time required for receiving all the relevant system
information data according to the reception procedure and the RRC
procedure delay of system information blocks defined in TS 38.331 \[2\]
for an NR cell.

T~SI-EUTRA~ is the time required for receiving all the relevant system
information data according to the reception procedure and the RRC
procedure delay of system information blocks defined in TS 36.331 \[16\]
for an E-UTRAN cell.

The target cell is considered as known if it has been detectable during
T~detect,NR\_Intra~ or T~detect,NR\_Inter~, and the time span between
SIB broadcasting cell stop time and the cell stop time is not less than
Ttrigger. Otherwise, the target cell is considered as unknown, where
T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~detect,NR\_Inter~ and Ttrigger are defined in
clauses 4.2C.2.3 and 4.2C.2.4. A longer interruption can be expected if
the target cell is unknown.

These requirements assume sufficient radio conditions, so that decoding
of system information can be made without errors and does not take into
account cell re-selection failure.

#### 4.2C.2.6 Minimum requirement at transitions

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.8 apply provided that target cell's
satellite is GEO.

#### 4.2C.2.7 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.9 apply provided that target cell's
satellite is GEO.

#### 4.2C.2.8 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.10 apply provided that target cell's
satellite is GEO.

#### 4.2C.2.9 General requirements

The UE shall search every layer of higher priority at least every
T~higher\_priority\_search~ = (60 \* N~layers~) seconds, where N~layers~
is the total number of higher priority NR carrier frequencies
broadcasted in system information.

#### 4.2C.2.10 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells with TN carrier

This clause applies for the inter-frequency cell re-selection for TN
carriers, and NTN carriers if configured. The requirements in clause
4.2C.2.10 apply provided that network provides SIB19 and UE is
configured with and one or more TN carriers.

UE is allowed to skip TN neighbour cells measurement in an area where
there is no coverage of the frequency based on the provided TN cell
coverage information and UE GNSS position information. Otherwise, **UE
shall perform TN measurement if its estimated distance to
*tn-ReferenceLocation* is smaller than *tn-DistanceRadius*. The
requirements apply provided that the actual distance between UE to
*tn-ReferenceLocation* is smaller than *tn-DistanceRadius* -- 50m.**This
clause considers the inter-frequency cell reselection from NTN to TN in
FR1.

The UE shall be able to identify new inter-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of identified inter-frequency cells if
carrier frequency information is provided by the serving cell, even if
no explicit neighbour list with physical layer cell identities is
provided.

If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~, and the
distance between UE and serving cell reference location is smaller than
*distanceThresh* if *distanceThresh* is configured and UE has location
information, then the UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of
higher priority at least every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is described in clause 4.2C.2.9.

If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~, or the
distance between UE and serving cell reference location is larger than
*distanceThresh* if *distanceThresh* is configured and UE has location
information, then the UE shall search for and measure inter-frequency
layers of higher, equal or lower priority in preparation for possible
reselection. The requirements apply provided that the distance exceeds
the *distanceThresh* by a margin of 50 m. In this scenario, the minimum
rate at which the UE is required to search for and measure higher
priority layers shall be the same as that defined below in this clause.

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
inter-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304
\[1\] within K~carrier\_TN~ \* T~detect,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{detect,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN}$ if
the UE does not support *Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in
IDLE and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] or if the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or within K~carrier\_TN~ \*
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{detect,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN\_ enh}$
if the UE supports *Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE
and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] and the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is enabled, if at least carrier frequency
information is provided for inter-frequency neighbour cells by the
serving cells when T~reselection~ = 0 provided that the reselection
criteria is met by a margin of at least \[5\]dB in FR1 for reselections
based on ranking or \[6\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRP reselections based on
absolute priorities or \[4\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on
absolute priorities.

The parameter K~multi\_SMTC~ is the scaling factor for measurement of
multiple SMTCs or multiple satellites

> \- If SMTCs do not overlap with each other,
>
> \- $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}}} = 1$, if GEO satellites are
> measured on the carrier;
>
> \-
> $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}}} = \left\lceil \frac{N_{LEO,i}}{N_{LEO,simul}} \right\rceil$,
> if LEO satellites are measured on the carrier;
>
> \- If SMTCs partially overlap with each other,
>
> \- $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}}} = N_{SMTC,overlap}$, if only GEO
> satellites are measured on the carrier;
>
> \-
> $K_{\text{mult}i_{\text{SMTC}}} = \sum_{i = 1}^{N_{SMTC,overlap}}\left\lceil \frac{N_{LEO,i}}{N_{LEO,simul}} \right\rceil$,
> if only LEO satellites are measured on the carrier;
>
> where
>
> $N_{LEO,i}$ is the number of LEO satellites to be measured within i-th
> SMTC,
>
> $N_{LEO,simul}$ is the number of LEO satellites that UE can measure in
> parallel within an SMTC,$N_{SMTC,overlap}$ is the number of SMTCs that
> partially overlap with each other.

NOTE: For deriving K~multi\_SMTC~ for T~detect,NR\_Inter~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ of frequency layer *j*,
two SMTCs are considered as overlapping if they overlap in one or more
occasions during a single T~detect,NR\_Inter~, T~measure,NR\_Inter~ or
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~.

The parameter K~carrier\_TN~ is the number of NR TN inter-frequency
carriers indicated by the serving cell, except for the frequency carrier
where there is no coverage of that frequency based on the provide TN
cell coverage information and UE GNSS position information.

T~detect,NR\_Inter\_TN~ ,T~measure,NR\_Inter\_TN~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_TN~ are the NR TN inter-frequency cell
re-selection requirement defined in table 4.2.2.4-1 in TS 38.133

T~detect,NR\_Inter\_NTN~ ,T~measure,NR\_Inter\_NTN~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_NTN~ are the NR NTN inter-frequency cell
re-selection requirement defined in table 4.2C.2.4-1 in TS 38.133.

T~detect,NR\_Inter\_NTN\_enh,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter\_NTN\_enh~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_NTN\_enh~ are the NR NTN inter-frequency cell
re-selection requirement defined in table 4.2C.2.4-2 in TS 38.133.

An inter-frequency cell is considered to be detectable according to the
conditions defined in Annex B.1.7 for a corresponding band.

When higher priority cells are found by the higher priority search, they
shall be measured at least every T~measure,NR\_Inter~. If, after
detecting a cell in a higher priority search, it is determined that
re-selection has not occurred then the UE is not required to
continuously measure the detected cell to evaluate the ongoing
possibility of re-selection. However, the minimum measurement filtering
requirements specified later in this clause shall still be met by the UE
before it makes any determination that it may stop measuring the cell.
If the UE detects on a NR carrier a cell whose physical identity is
indicated as not allowed for that carrier in the measurement control
system information of the serving cell, the UE is not required to
perform measurements on that cell.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ at least every K~carrier\_TN~ \*
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{measure,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN}$
(see table 4.2C.2.4-1) if the UE does not support *Enhanced RRM
requirements for measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS
38.306 \[14\] or if the *enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or
every K~carrier\_TN~ \* T~measure,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{measure,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN\_ enh}$
(see table 4.2C.2.4-2) if the UE supports *Enhanced RRM requirements for
measurements in IDLE and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] and
the *enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17*is enabled, for identified lower or
equal priority inter-frequency cells. If the UE detects on a NR carrier
a cell whose physical identity is indicated as not allowed for that
carrier in the measurement control system information of the serving
cell, the UE is not required to perform measurements on that cell.

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
higher, lower and equal priority inter-frequency cell using at least 2
measurements. Within the set of measurements used for the filtering, at
least two measurements shall be spaced by at least
T~measure,NR\_Inter~/2.

The UE shall not consider a NR neighbour cell in cell reselection, if it
is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an inter-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the inter-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined TS 38.304 \[1\] within K~carrier\_TN~ \*
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{evaluate,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN}$ if
the UE does not support *Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in
IDLE and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] or if the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is not enabled, or within K~carrier\_TN~ \*
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_TN~ +
${K_{\text{carrier}}*K}_{multi\_ SMTC}*T_{evaluate,NR\_ Inter\_ NTN\_ enh\ }$
if the UE supports*Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE
and INACTIVE modes* defined in TS 38.306 \[14\] and the
*enhancedMeasurementLEO-r17* is enabled, when T~reselection~ = 0 as
specified in table 4.2C.2.4-1 provided that the reselection criteria is
met by

> \- the condition when performing equal priority reselection and
>
> when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:
>
> \- the cell is at least \[5\]dB better ranked in FR1 or.
>
> when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:
>
> \- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
> *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
> cell-ranking criterion R value in TS 38.304 \[1\] is within
> *rangeToBestCell* of the cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest
> ranked cell.
>
> \- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank
> among them
>
> \- the cell is at least \[5\]dB better ranked in FR1 if the current
> serving cell is among them. or
>
> \- \[6\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRP reselections based on absolute
> priorities or
>
> \- \[4\]dB in FR1 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on absolute
> priorities.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and inter-frequency cells.

If T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and the inter-frequency
cell is satisfied with the reselection criteria, the UE shall evaluate
this inter-frequency cell for the T~reselection~ time. If this cell
remains satisfied with the reselection criteria within this duration,
then the UE shall reselect that cell.

The UE is not expected to meet the measurement requirements for an
inter-frequency carrier under DRX cycle=320 ms defined in table
4.2C.2.4-1 under the following conditions:

> T~SMTC\_intra~ = T~SMTC\_inter~ = 160 ms; where

\- T~SMTC\_intra~ is the periodicity of the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier if no identified intra-frequency cell is in the
PCI list of *smtc2-LP* on this intra-frequency carrier; T~SMTC\_intra~
is the periodicity of the *smtc2-LP* configured for the intra-frequency
carrier if at least one identified intra-frequency cell is in the PCI
list of *smtc2-LP* on this intra-frequency carrier. During PSS/SSS
detection, the periodicity of the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier is assumed for T~SMTC\_intra~. If the actual SSB
transmission periodicity is greater than the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier, longer T~detect,\ NR\_intra~ is expected.

\- T~SMTC\_inter~ is the actual SMTC periodicity used by the
inter-frequency cell being identified. During PSS/SSS detection, the
periodicity of the SMTC configured for the inter-frequency carrier is
assumed for T~SMTC\_inter~. If the actual SSB transmission periodicity
is greater than the SMTC configured for the inter-frequency carrier,
longer T~detect,\ NR\_inter~ is expected.

\- SMTC occasions configured for the inter-frequency carrier occur up to
1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms after the end of the SMTC occasions
configured for the intra-frequency carrier, and

\- SMTC occasions configured for the intra-frequency carrier and for the
inter-frequency carrier occur up to 1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms
after the end of the paging occasion in TS 38.304 \[1\].

If *t-Service* is broadcasted and applicable, UE shall be able to
detect, measure, and evaluate neighbour cells before the serving cell
stops serving the area regardless of whether the distance condition
based on serving cell reference location or the legacy Srxlev/Squal
condition are met, and when to start detection, measurement, and
evaluation is up to UE implementation. This requirement does not apply
when the time span from the last slot of SI transmission within SI
modification period where the broadcasting of the last updated value for
t-Service is acquired by the UE for the first time to the first slot
when the cell is scheduled to stop serving the area according to the
broadcasted information is less than T~trigger~, and T~trigger~ =
max(T~detect,NR\_Intra~, K~carrier~\* T~detect,NR\_Inter~) when serving
cell is below the search threshold, and T~trigger~ =
max(T~detect,NR\_Intra~, N~layer~\* \[60s\]) when serving cell is above
the search threshold, where

\- K~carrier~ is the number of NR inter-frequency carriers indicated by
the serving cell,

\- N~layer~ is the total number of higher priority NR carrier
frequencies broadcasted in system information,

\- T~detect,NR\_Intra~ refers to HST intra-frequency cell detection
delay in IDLE/INACTIVE mode defined table 4.2.2.3-2,

\- T~detect,NR\_Inter~ refers to HST inter-frequency cell detection
delay in IDLE/INACTIVE mode defined table 4.2.2.4-2.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that the number of SMTCs
for any inter-frequency carrier does not exceed the *values indicated by
parallelSMTC-r17*, otherwise UE may select one or subset of all the
configured SMTCs sequentially until all of the SMTCs can be measured,
the selection of SMTCs to be used is up to UE implementation, and longer
measurement delay than the corresponding measurement period specified in
table 4.2C.2.4-1 and table 4.2C.2.4-2 is expected.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that the valid
information for the satellite serving the target cell has been provided
by the serving cell.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that SSB of neighbour
cells are within the time shifted SMTC.

#### 4.2C.2.11 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells with TN carrier

This clause applies for the inter-RAT cell re-selection for TN carriers.
The requirements in clause 4.2C.2.11 apply provided that network
provides SIB19 and UE is configured with and one or more TN carriers.

UE is allowed to skip TN neighbour cells measurement in an area where
there is no coverage of the frequency based on the provided TN cell
coverage information and UE GNSS position information. Otherwise, **UE
shall perform TN measurement if its estimated distance to
tn-ReferenceLocation is smaller than tn-DistanceRadius. The requirements
apply provided that the actual distance between UE to
tn-ReferenceLocation is smaller than tn-DistanceRadius -- 50m.**This
clause considers the inter-RAT cell reselection from NTN to E-UTRAN TN
in FR1.

If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
UE shall search for inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers of higher priority at least
every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2.2.

If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the UE
shall search for and measure inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers of higher, lower
priority in preparation for possible reselection. In this scenario, the
minimum rate at which the UE is required to search for and measure
higher priority inter-RAT E-UTRAN layers shall be the same as that
defined below for lower priority RATs.

The requirements in this clause apply to inter-RAT E-UTRAN FDD
measurements and E-UTRA TDD measurements. When the measurement rules
indicate that inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells are to be measured, the UE shall
measure RSRP and RSRQ of detected E-UTRA cells in the neighbour
frequency list at the minimum measurement rate specified in this clause.

The parameter N~EUTRA\_carrier~ is the number of EUTRA TN carriers
indicated by the serving cell, except for the frequency carrier where
there is no coverage of that frequency based on the provide TN cell
coverage information and UE GNSS position information.

The UE shall filter RSRP and RSRQ measurements of each measured E-UTRA
cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used
for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by at least
half the minimum specified measurement period.

An inter-RAT E-UTRA cell is considered to be detectable provided the
following conditions are fulfilled:

\- the same conditions as for inter-frequency RSRP measurements
specified in TS 36.133 \[15, Annex B.1.2\] are fulfilled for a
corresponding Band, and

\- the same conditions as for inter-frequency RSRQ measurements
specified in TS 36.133 \[15, Annex B.1.2\] are fulfilled for a
corresponding Band.

\- SCH conditions specified in TS 36.133 \[15, Annex B.1.2\] are
fulfilled for a corresponding Band

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable inter-RAT
E-UTRAN cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]
within N~EUTRA\_carrier~ \* T~detect,EUTRAN~ when Srxlev ≤
S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ when T~reselection~ = 0
provided that the reselection criteria is met by a margin of at least
6dB for RSRP reselections based on absolute priorities or 4dB for RSRQ
reselections based on absolute priorities.

Cells which have been detected shall be measured at least every
N~EUTRA\_carrier~ \* T~measure,EUTRAN~ when Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~
or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~.

When higher priority cells are found by the higher priority search, they
shall be measured at least every T~measure,EUTRAN~. If, after detecting
a cell in a higher priority search, it is determined that reselection
has not occurred then the UE is not required to continuously measure the
detected cell to evaluate the ongoing possibility of reselection.
However, the minimum measurement filtering requirements specified later
in this clause shall still be met by the UE before it makes any
determination that it may stop measuring the cell.

If the UE detects, on an inter-RAT E-UTRAN carrier, a cell whose
physical identity is indicated as not allowed for that carrier in the
measurement control system information of the serving cell, the UE is
not required to perform measurements on that cell.

The UE shall not consider an inter-RAT E-UTRA cell in cell reselection,
if it is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For a cell that has been already detected, but has not been reselected
to, the filtering shall be such that a UE shall be capable of evaluating
that an already identified inter-RAT E-UTRA cell has met reselection
criterion defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] within N~EUTRA\_carrier~ \*
T~evaluate,EUTRAN~ when T~reselection~ = 0 as specified in table
4.2.2.5-1 provided that the reselection criteria is met by a margin of
at least 6 dB for RSRP reselections based on absolute priorities or 4 dB
for RSRQ reselections based on absolute priorities.

If the T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and an inter-RAT E-UTRA
cell satisfies the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], the
UE shall evaluate this E-UTRA cell for the T~reselection~ time. If this
cell remains satisfied with the reselection criteria within this
duration, then the UE shall reselect to this cell.

When the distance between the UE and tn-ReferenceLocation is larger than
tn-DistanceRadius +50m, the UE is allowed to not perform measurements on
the TN frequency in the corresponding area.

T~detect,EUTRAN,~ T~measure,EUTRAN~ and T~evaluate,\ E-UTRAN~ are
specified in table 4.2.2.5-1.

### 4.2C.3 Void

### 4.2C.4 Void

4.2D Cell Re-selection for ATG
------------------------------

### 4.2D.1 Introduction

The cell reselection procedure allows the UE to select a more suitable
cell and camp on it.

When the UE is in either *Camped* *Normally* state or *Camped on Any
Cell* state on a cell, the UE shall attempt to detect, synchronise, and
monitor intra-frequency and inter-frequency cells indicated by the
serving cell. For intra-frequency and inter-frequency cells, the serving
cell may provide explicit neighbour list, or only carrier frequency
information and bandwidth information. UE measurement activity is also
controlled by measurement rules defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], allowing the
UE to limit its measurement activity.

### 4.2D.2 Requirements

#### 4.2D.2.1 UE measurement capability

For idle mode cell re-selection purposes, the UE shall be capable of
monitoring at least:

\- Intra-frequency carrier, and

\- Depending on UE capability, 7 NR inter-frequency carriers

#### 4.2D.2.2 Measurement and evaluation of serving cell

The UE shall measure the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ level of the serving cell
and evaluate the cell selection criterion S defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]
for the serving cell at least once every M1\*N1 DRX cycle; where:

\- M1=2 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and DRX cycle ≤ 0.64
second,

\- otherwise M1=1.

The UE shall filter the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the serving
cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used
for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by, at
least DRX cycle/2.

If the UE has evaluated according to table 4.2D.2.2-1 in N~serv~
consecutive DRX cycles that the serving cell does not fulfil the cell
selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate the measurements of all
neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell, regardless of the
measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement activities.

If the UE in RRC\_IDLE has not found any new suitable cell based on
searches and measurements using the intra-frequency and inter-frequency
information indicated in the system information for 10 s, the UE shall
initiate cell selection procedures for the selected PLMN as defined in
TS 38.304 \[1\].

Table 4.2D.2.2-1: N~serv~

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  DRX cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                                                   Scaling Factor (N1)   N~serv~ \[number of DRX cycles\]
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ----------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                           FR1                   

  0.32                                                                                                                                                     N1^Note\ 1^           M1\*N1\*4

  0.64                                                                                                                                                                           M1\*N1\*4

  1.28                                                                                                                                                                           N1\*2

  2.56                                                                                                                                                                           N1\*2

  NOTE 1: For ATG UEs capable of *antennaArrayType-r18*, N1 = 3 when network assistance on ATG cells reference locations is provided, otherwise N1 = 4.\                         
  Otherwise, N1 = 1.                                                                                                                                                             
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### 4.2D.2.3 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells

The UE shall be able to identify new intra-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the identified intra-frequency cells
without an explicit intra-frequency neighbour list containing physical
layer cell identities.

The UE shall be able to evaluate whether a newly detectable
intra-frequency cell meets the reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304
\[1\] within T~detect,NR\_Intra~ when that T~reselection~= 0 . An
intra-frequency cell is considered to be detectable according to the
conditions defined in Annex B.1.2 for a corresponding Band.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ at least every
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ (see table 4.2D.2.3-1 ) for intra-frequency cells
that are identified and measured according to the measurement rules.

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
intra-frequency cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of
measurements used for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be
spaced by at least T~measure,NR\_Intra~/2.

The UE shall not consider a NR neighbour cell in cell reselection, if it
is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an intra-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the intra-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] within T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ when
T~reselection~ = 0 as specified in table 4.2D.2.3-1 provided that:

when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:

\- the cell is at least 3 dB better ranked in FR1.

when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:

\- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value in TS 38.304 \[1\] is within
*rangeToBestCell* of the cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest
ranked cell.

\- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank among
them.

\- the cell is at least 3 dB better ranked in FR1 if the current serving
cell is among them.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and non-serving intra-frequency cells.

If T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and the intra-frequency
cell is satisfied with the reselection criteria which are defined in TS
38.304 \[1\], the UE shall evaluate this intra-frequency cell for the
T~reselection~ time. If this cell remains satisfied with the reselection
criteria within this duration, then the UE shall reselect that cell.

T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,\ NR\_intra~
are specified in table 4.2D.2.3-1. The requirements in this clause apply
provided that SSB of neighbour cells are within SMTC window duration.

Table 4.2D.2.3-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| DRX cycle   | Scaling     | T~detect    | T~measure   | T~evaluate  |
| length      | Factor (N1) | ,NR\_Intra~ | ,NR\_Intra~ | ,NR\_Intra~ |
| \[s\]       |             | \[s\]       | \[s\]       |             |
|             |             | (number of  | (number of  | \[s\]       |
|             |             | DRX cycles) | DRX cycles) | (number of  |
|             |             |             |             | DRX cycles) |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             | **FR1**     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 0.32        | N1^Note\ 1^ | 11.52 x N1  | 1.28 x N1 x | 5.12 x N1 x |
|             |             | x M2 (36 x  | M2 (4 x N1  | M2 (16 x N1 |
|             |             | N1 x M2)    | x M2)       | x M2)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 0.64        |             | 17.92 x N1  | 1.28 x N1   | 5.12 x N1   |
|             |             | (28 x N1)   | (2 x N1)    | (8 x N1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 1.28        |             | 32 x N1 (25 | 1.28 x N1   | 6.4 x N1 (5 |
|             |             | x N1)       | (1 x N1)    | x N1)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 2.56        |             | 58.88 x N1  | 2.56 x N1   | 7.68 x N1   |
|             |             | (23 x N1)   | (1 x N1)    | (3 x N1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: For |             |             |             |             |
| ATG UEs     |             |             |             |             |
| capable of  |             |             |             |             |
| *           |             |             |             |             |
| antennaArra |             |             |             |             |
| yType-r18*, |             |             |             |             |
| N1 = 3 when |             |             |             |             |
| network     |             |             |             |             |
| assistance  |             |             |             |             |
| on ATG      |             |             |             |             |
| cells       |             |             |             |             |
| reference   |             |             |             |             |
| locations   |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| provided,   |             |             |             |             |
| otherwise   |             |             |             |             |
| N1 = 4.\    |             |             |             |             |
| Otherwise,  |             |             |             |             |
| N1 = 1.     |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: M2  |             |             |             |             |
| = 1.5 if    |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| of measured |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| cell \> 20  |             |             |             |             |
| ms;         |             |             |             |             |
| otherwise   |             |             |             |             |
| M2=1. If    |             |             |             |             |
| different   |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| pe          |             |             |             |             |
| riodicities |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| configured  |             |             |             |             |
| for         |             |             |             |             |
| different   |             |             |             |             |
| cells, the  |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| in this     |             |             |             |             |
| note is the |             |             |             |             |
| one used by |             |             |             |             |
| the cell    |             |             |             |             |
| being       |             |             |             |             |
| identified. |             |             |             |             |
| During      |             |             |             |             |
| PSS/SSS     |             |             |             |             |
| detection,  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| of the SMTC |             |             |             |             |
| configured  |             |             |             |             |
| for the     |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| carrier is  |             |             |             |             |
| assumed,    |             |             |             |             |
| and if the  |             |             |             |             |
| actual SSB  |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| is greater  |             |             |             |             |
| than the    |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| configured  |             |             |             |             |
| for the     |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| carrier,    |             |             |             |             |
| longer      |             |             |             |             |
| T~detect,\  |             |             |             |             |
|  NR\_intra~ |             |             |             |             |
| is          |             |             |             |             |
| expected.   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

#### 4.2D.2.4 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells

The UE shall be able to identify new inter-frequency cells and perform
SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of identified inter-frequency cells if
carrier frequency information is provided by the serving cell, even if
no explicit neighbour list with physical layer cell identities is
provided.

If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the
UE shall search for inter-frequency layers of higher priority at least
every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2D.2.6.

If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ then the UE
shall search for and measure inter-frequency layers of higher, equal or
lower priority in preparation for possible reselection. In this
scenario, the minimum rate at which the UE is required to search for and
measure higher priority layers shall be the same as that defined below
in this clause.

If at least carrier frequency information is provided for
inter-frequency neighbour cells by the serving cells when T~reselection~
= 0 provided that the reselection criteria is met by a margin of at
least 5 dB in FR1 for reselections based on ranking or 6 dB in FR1 for
SS-RSRP reselections based on absolute priorities or 4 dB in FR1 for
SS-RSRQ reselections based on absolute priorities, the UE shall be able
to evaluate whether a newly detectable inter-frequency cell meets the
reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] within K~carrier~ \*
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_enh~ as specified in table 4.2D.2.4-2 if UE
indicates support of *Enhanced RRM requirements for measurements in IDLE
and INACTIVE modes for ATG* and is **configured with**
*hs-ATG-cellReselectionSet-r18* for FR1, otherwise the UE shall be able
to evaluate whether a newly detectable inter-frequency cell meets the
reselection criteria defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] within K~carrier~ \*
T~detect,NR\_Inter~ as specified in table 4.2D.2.4-1. The parameter
K~carrier~ is the number of NR inter-frequency carriers indicated by the
serving cell.

An inter-frequency cell is considered to be detectable according to the
conditions defined in Annex B.1.3 for a corresponding Band.

When higher priority cells are found by the higher priority search, they
shall be measured at least every T~measure,NR\_Inter~. If, after
detecting a cell in a higher priority search, it is determined that
reselection has not occurred then the UE is not required to continuously
measure the detected cell to evaluate the ongoing possibility of
reselection. However, the minimum measurement filtering requirements
specified later in this clause shall still be met by the UE before it
makes any determination that it may stop measuring the cell. If the UE
detects on a NR carrier a cell whose physical identity is indicated as
not allowed for that carrier in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell, the UE is not required to perform
measurements on that cell.

The UE shall measure SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ at least every K~carrier~ \*
T~measure,NR\_Inter~ for identified lower or equal priority
inter-frequency cells. If the UE detects on a NR carrier a cell whose
physical identity is indicated as not allowed for that carrier in the
measurement control system information of the serving cell, the UE is
not required to perform measurements on that cell.

The UE shall filter SS-RSRP or SS-RSRQ measurements of each measured
higher, lower and equal priority inter-frequency cell using at least 2
measurements. Within the set of measurements used for the filtering, at
least two measurements shall be spaced by at least
T~measure,NR\_Inter~/2.

The UE shall not consider a NR neighbour cell in cell reselection, if it
is indicated as not allowed in the measurement control system
information of the serving cell.

For an inter-frequency cell that has been already detected, but that has
not been reselected to, the filtering shall be such that the UE shall be
capable of evaluating that the inter-frequency cell has met reselection
criterion defined TS 38.304 \[1\] within K~carrier~ \*
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ when T~reselection~ = 0 as specified in table
4.2D.2.4-1, provided that the reselection criteria is met by

\- the condition when performing equal priority reselection and

\- when *rangeToBestCell* is not configured:

\- the cell is at least 5 dB better ranked in FR1 or.

when *rangeToBestCell* is configured:

\- the cell has the highest number of beams above the threshold
*absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* among all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value in TS 38.304 \[1\] is within
*rangeToBestCell* of the cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest
ranked cell.

\- if there are multiple such cells, the cell has the highest rank among
them

\- the cell is at least 5 dB better ranked in FR1 if the current serving
cell is among them. or

\- 6 dB in FR1 for SS-RSRP reselections based on absolute priorities or

\- 4 dB in FR1 for SS-RSRQ reselections based on absolute priorities.

When evaluating cells for reselection, the SSB side conditions apply to
both serving and inter-frequency cells.

If T~reselection~ timer has a non-zero value and the inter-frequency
cell is satisfied with the reselection criteria, the UE shall evaluate
this inter-frequency cell for the T~reselection~ time. If this cell
remains satisfied with the reselection criteria within this duration,
then the UE shall reselect that cell.

The UE is not expected to meet the measurement requirements for an
inter-frequency carrier under DRX cycle=320 ms defined in table
4.2D.2.4-1 and table 4.2D.2.4-2 under the following conditions:

\- T~SMTC\_intra~ = T~SMTC\_inter~ = 160 ms; where

\- T~SMTC\_intra~ is the periodicity of the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier if no identified intra-frequency cell is in the
PCI list of *smtc2-LP* on this intra-frequency carrier; T~SMTC\_intra~
is the periodicity of the *smtc2-LP* configured for the intra-frequency
carrier if at least one identified intra-frequency cell is in the PCI
list of *smtc2-LP* on this intra-frequency carrier. During PSS/SSS
detection, the periodicity of the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier is assumed for T~SMTC\_intra~. If the actual SSB
transmission periodicity is greater than the SMTC configured for the
intra-frequency carrier, longer T~detect,\ NR\_intra~ is expected.

\- T~SMTC\_inter~ is the actual SMTC periodicity used by the
inter-frequency cell being identified. During PSS/SSS detection, the
periodicity of the SMTC configured for the inter-frequency carrier is
assumed for T~SMTC\_inter~. If the actual SSB transmission periodicity
is greater than the SMTC configured for the inter-frequency carrier,
longer T~detect,\ NR\_inter~ is expected.

\- SMTC occasions configured for the inter-frequency carrier occur up to
1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms after the end of the SMTC occasions
configured for the intra-frequency carrier, and

\- SMTC occasions configured for the intra-frequency carrier and for the
inter-frequency carrier occur up to 1 ms before the start or up to 1 ms
after the end of the paging occasion in TS 38.304 \[1\].

The requirements in this clause apply provided that SSB of neighbour
cells are within SMTC window duration.

Table 4.2D.2.4-1: T~detect,NR\_Inter,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  DRX cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                                                   Scaling Factor (N1)   T~detect,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX cycles)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- -------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                           FR1                                                                                                                          

  0.32                                                                                                                                                     N1^Note\ 1^           11.52 x N1 x 1.5 (36 x N1 x 1.5)                   1.28 x N1 x 1.5 (4 x N1 x 1.5)                      5.12 x N1 x 1.5 (16 x N1 x 1.5)

  0.64                                                                                                                                                                           17.92x N1 (28 x N1)                                1.28 x N1 (2 x N1)                                  5.12 x N1 (8 x N1)

  1.28                                                                                                                                                                           32 x N1 (25 x N1)                                  1.28 x N1 (1 x N1)                                  6.4 x N1 (5 x N1)

  2.56                                                                                                                                                                           58.88 x N1 (23 x N1)                               2.56 x N1 (1 x N1)                                  7.68 x N1 (3 x N1)

  NOTE 1: For ATG UEs capable of *antennaArrayType-r18*, N1 = 3 when network assistance on ATG cells reference locations is provided, otherwise N1 = 4.\                                                                                                                                
  Otherwise, N1 = 1.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 4.2D.2.4-2: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_enh,~ for FR1 configured with
*hs-ATG-cellReselectionSet-r18*

+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| DRX cycle            | Scaling Factor (N1) | T~de                 |
|                      |                     | tect,NR\_Inter\_enh~ |
| length \[s\]         |                     | \[s\] (number of DRX |
|                      |                     | cycles)              |
+======================+=====================+======================+
| 0.32                 | N1^Note\ 1^         | \[3.2 x N1 x M2 (10  |
|                      |                     | x N1 x M2)\]         |
|                      |                     | ^Note\ 2^            |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| 0.64                 |                     | \[6.4 x N1 (10 x     |
|                      |                     | N1)\]                |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| 1.28                 |                     | \[10.24 x N1 (8 x    |
|                      |                     | N1)\]                |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| 2.56                 |                     | 58.88 x N1 (23 x N1) |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+
| NOTE 1: For ATG UEs  |                     |                      |
| capable of           |                     |                      |
| *an                  |                     |                      |
| tennaArrayType-r18*, |                     |                      |
| N1 = 3 when network  |                     |                      |
| assistance on ATG    |                     |                      |
| cells reference      |                     |                      |
| locations is         |                     |                      |
| provided, otherwise  |                     |                      |
| N1 = 4.\             |                     |                      |
| Otherwise, N1 = 1.   |                     |                      |
|                      |                     |                      |
| NOTE 2: When SMTC \< |                     |                      |
| = 40 ms, M2 = 1; and |                     |                      |
| when SMTC \> 40 ms,  |                     |                      |
| M2 = 1.5.            |                     |                      |
+----------------------+---------------------+----------------------+

#### 4.2D.2.5 Maximum interruption in paging reception

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.6 shall apply without considering
inter-RAT cell re-selection.

#### 4.2D.2.6 General requirements

The UE shall search every layer of higher priority at least every
T~higher\_priority\_search~ = (60 \* N~layers~) seconds, where N~layers~
is the total number of higher priority NR carrier frequencies
broadcasted in system information.

4.3 Minimization of Drive Tests (MDT)
-------------------------------------

### 4.3.1 Introduction

UE supporting minimisation of drive tests in RRC\_IDLE shall be capable
of:

\- logging measurements in RRC\_IDLE, reporting the logged measurements
and meeting requirements in clause 4.3;

\- logging of RRC connection establishment failure, reporting the logged
failure and meeting requirements in clause 4.3;

\- logging of radio link failure and handover failure, reporting the
logged failure and meeting requirements in clause 4.3.

The logged MDT requirements consist of measurement requirements as
specified in clause 4.3.2 and relative time stamp accuracy requirements
as specified in clause 4.3.3. Both sets of requirements are applicable
for intra-frequency, inter-frequency and inter-RAT cases in RRC\_IDLE
state. The MDT procedures are described in TS 37.320 \[31\].

For RRC connection establishment failure logging and reporting, the MDT
requirements consist of requirements for measurements performed and
logged in RRC\_IDLE state specified in clause 4.3.2 and relative time
stamp accuracy requirement for RRC connection establishment failure log
reporting as specified in clause 4.3.4.

### 4.3.2 Measurement Requirements

The requirements specified in this clause apply for the following
measurements performed and logged by the UE for MDT in RRC\_IDLE:

\- inter-RAT E-UTRA FDD and TDD RSRP,

\- inter-RAT E-UTRA FDD and TDD RSRQ,

\- SS-RSRP per cell,

\- SS-RSRQ per cell,

\- SS-RSRP per SSB index of the serving cell,

\- SS-RSRQ per SSB index of the serving cell,

\- best SSB index of the serving cell,

\- the number of SSBs with different SSB index which are above the
threshold *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* for all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the
cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest ranked cell.

The requirements apply for the measurements included in logged MDT
reports and RRC connection establishment failure reports.

The measurement values that are used to meet

\- serving cell and reselection requirements as specified in clauses
4.2.2.2−4.2.2.7

\- shall also apply to values logged for MDT measurements in RRC\_IDLE
state.

### 4.3.3 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy

The relative time stamp for a logged measurement is defined as the time
from the moment the MDT configuration was received at the UE until the
measurement was logged, see TS 38.331 \[2\].

The accuracy of the relative time stamping is such that the drift of the
time stamping shall be not more than ± 2 seconds per hour.

### 4.3.4 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy for RRC Connection Establishment Failure Log Reporting

Relative time stamp for RRC connection establishment failure log
reporting is defined as the time elapsed from the last RRC connection
establishment failure to the time when the log is included in the report
TS 38.331 \[2\]. The UE shall report the RRC connection establishment
failure log, while meeting the accuracy requirement specified in this
clause.

The accuracy of the relative time stamping for RRC connection
establishment failure log reporting is such that the drift of the time
stamping shall not be larger than ± 0.72 seconds per hour and ± 10
seconds over 48 hours. The relative time stamp accuracy requirements
shall apply provided that:

\- no power off or detach occurs after the RRC connection establishment
failure had been detected and until the log is time-stamped.

### 4.3.5 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy for Radio Link Failure and Handover Failure Log Reporting

The UE shall report the radio link and handover failure log, while
meeting the accuracy requirements specified in this clause.

Relative time stamp accuracy requirements for *timeSinceFailure*
reported for MDT in a radio link failure or handover failure log are
specified in this clause. *timeSinceFailure* determines the time elapsed
from the last radio link failure or handover failure in NR to the time
when the log is included in the report TS 38.331 \[2\].

The accuracy of the relative time stamping for *timeSinceFailure* is
such that the drift of the time stamping shall not be larger than ± 0.72
seconds per hour and ± 10 seconds over 48 hours. These relative time
stamp accuracy requirements shall apply provided that:

\- no power off or detach occurs after the RLF or handover failure had
been detected and until the log is time-stamped.

4.3C Minimization of Drive Tests (MDT) for Satellite Access
-----------------------------------------------------------

*Editor's note: the exact signalling names in the clause and values are
subject to confirmation by RAN2 and change during performance
requirement phase, respectively. And the brackets shall be removed by
further agreements.*

### 4.3C.1 Introduction

UE supporting minimisation of drive tests in RRC\_IDLE shall be capable
of:

\- logging measurements in RRC\_IDLE, reporting the logged measurements
and meeting requirements in clause 4.3C;

\- logging of RRC connection establishment failure, reporting the logged
failure and meeting requirements in clause 4.3C;

\- logging of radio link failure and handover failure, reporting the
logged failure and meeting requirements in clause 4.3C.

The logged MDT requirements consist of measurement requirements as
specified in clause 4.3C.2 and relative time stamp accuracy requirements
as specified in clause 4.3C.3. Both sets of requirements are applicable
for intra-frequency, inter-frequency and inter-RAT cases in RRC\_IDLE
state. The MDT procedures are described in TS 37.320 \[31\].

For RRC connection establishment failure logging and reporting, the MDT
requirements consist of requirements for measurements performed and
logged in RRC\_IDLE state specified in clause 4.3C.2 and relative time
stamp accuracy requirement for RRC connection establishment failure log
reporting as specified in clause 4.3C.4.

### 4.3C.2 Measurement Requirements

The requirements specified in this clause apply for the following
measurements performed and logged by the UE for MDT in RRC\_IDLE:

\- SS-RSRP per cell,

\- SS-RSRQ per cell,

\- SS-RSRP per SSB index of the serving cell,

\- SS-RSRQ per SSB index of the serving cell,

\- best SSB index of the serving cell,

\- the number of SSBs with different SSB index which are above the
threshold *absThreshSS-BlocksConsolidation* for all detected cells whose
cell-ranking criterion R value is within *rangeToBestCell* of the
cell-ranking criterion R value of the highest ranked cell.

The requirements apply for the measurements included in logged MDT
reports and RRC connection establishment failure reports.

The measurement values that are used to meet

-   serving cell and reselection requirements as specified in clauses
    4.2C.2.2−4.2C.2.11.

shall also apply to values logged for MDT measurements in RRC\_IDLE
state.

### 4.3C.3 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy

The relative time stamp for a logged measurement is defined as the time
from the moment the MDT configuration was received at the UE until the
measurement was logged, see TS 38.331 \[2\].

The accuracy of the relative time stamping is such that the drift of the
time stamping shall be not more than ± 2 seconds per hour.

### 4.3C.4 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy for RRC Connection Establishment Failure Log Reporting

Relative time stamp for RRC connection establishment failure log
reporting is defined as the time elapsed from the last RRC connection
establishment failure to the time when the log is included in the report
TS 38.331 \[2\]. The UE shall report the RRC connection establishment
failure log, while meeting the accuracy requirement specified in this
clause.

The accuracy of the relative time stamping for RRC connection
establishment failure log reporting is such that the drift of the time
stamping shall not be larger than ± 0.72 seconds per hour and ± 10
seconds over 48 hours. The relative time stamp accuracy requirements
shall apply provided that:

\- no power off or detach occurs after the RRC connection establishment
failure had been detected and until the log is time-stamped.

### 4.3C.5 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy for Radio Link Failure and Handover Failure Log Reporting

The UE shall report the radio link and handover failure log, while
meeting the accuracy requirements specified in this clause.

Relative time stamp accuracy requirements for *timeSinceFailure*
reported for MDT in a radio link failure or handover failure log are
specified in this clause. *timeSinceFailure* determines the time elapsed
from the last radio link failure or handover failure in NR to the time
when the log is included in the report TS 38.331 \[2\].

The accuracy of the relative time stamping for *timeSinceFailure* is
such that the drift of the time stamping shall not be larger than ± 0.72
seconds per hour and ± 10 seconds over 48 hours. These relative time
stamp accuracy requirements shall apply provided that:

\- no power off or detach occurs after the RLF or handover failure had
been detected and until the log is time-stamped.

4.4 Idle Mode CA/DC Measurements
--------------------------------

### 4.4.1 Introduction

A UE supporting *idleInactiveNR-MeasReport-r16* or
*idleInactiveEUTRA-MeasReport-r16* shall perform the idle mode
measurement on the inter-frequency CA and DC candidate frequencies/cells
and E-UTRAN inter-RAT DC candidate frequencies/cells indicated by higher
layers and meet the requirement specified in this clause. The UE shall
perform idle mode measurements provided that the serving cell support
early measurement and is within the validity area. The idle mode
measurement requirements apply to a configured carrier frequency and the
serving cell are among the supported band combination of the UE.

### 4.4.2 Measurement Requirements

For a UE which supports *idleInactiveNR-MeasReport-r16* or
*idleInactiveEUTRA-MeasReport-r16* the UE shall support the idle mode
CA/DC measurements on the serving cell, and carriers configured for idle
mode CA/DC measurement reporting provided T331 has not expired, the
serving cell is supporting idle mode CA/DC measurement reporting and the
serving cell is in the validity area.

#### 4.4.2.1 Detected cell requirement during state transition and Idle mode

This subclause defines the requirements for the detected cell status for
the idle mode CA/DC measurement when UE transitions from RRC Connected
mode to Idle mode and after UE has entered Idle mode. The requirements
are applicable to an NE-DC and NR carrier aggregation capable UE which
has been configured with one or more of following, one or more SCells,
one E-UTRAN PSCell or one or more downlink E-UTRAN SCells during the
Connected mode and which supports *idleInactiveNR-MeasReport-r16* or
*idleInactiveEUTRA-MeasReport-r16.* The requirements are applicable for
SCell(s) and E-UTRAN FDD and TDD PSCell and SCells.

Upon releasing the connection and if the UE has been configured with
idle mode CA/DC measurement reporting, following requirements apply
concerning the detected cells in Connected mode upon state transitioning
to Idle mode and during Idle mode:

\- A cell which is detected cell in Connected mode prior to connection
release, shall remain detected after UE has entered Idle mode and during
Idle mode, provided that the following conditions are met:

\- The UE has been provided with a list of cells and/or carrier
frequencies for early measurement reporting by dedicated RRC signalling
and

\- The detected cell is among the list of cells or on a carrier
frequency provided for early measurement reporting, and

\- The UE is provided with a valid timer T331 by dedicated RRC
signalling, and

\- The detected cell and SSBs remains detectable until UE reconnect to
the network and transmits the early measurement reporting, and

\- The carrier frequency of the detected cell and the carrier frequency
of the serving cell are among the supported band combination of the UE.

An inter-RAT E-UTRAN cell is considered detectable according to RSRP,
RSRP Ês/Iot, SCH\_RP and SCH Ês/Iot defined in Annex B.1.1 and Annex
B.1.2 in \[15\] for a corresponding Band. An inter-frequency cell is
considered detectable according to the conditions in Annex B.1.2 and
B.1.3 for a corresponding band. An SSB of an inter-frequency cell is
considered detectable according to SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot defined in
Annex B.1.2 and B.1.3 for a corresponding Band.

#### 4.4.2.2 Measurements of inter-frequency CA/DC candidate cells

While T331 is running, the UE shall perform measurement on the
configured inter-frequency carriers for idle mode CA/DC measurement
reporting according to the UE measurement capability.

A UE which supports *idleInactiveNR-MeasReport-r16* shall support idle
mode CA/DC measurements of:

\- at least 7 inter-frequency carriers which are also configured for
inter-frequency mobility measurements, and

\- at least 7 inter-frequency carriers which are not configured for
inter-frequency mobility measurements.

The UE shall be capable of monitoring a total of at least 7
inter-frequency carriers for idle mode CA/DC measurements comprising of
carriers configured for inter-frequency mobility measurements and
carriers not configured for inter-frequency mobility measurements.

For inter-frequency carriers configured for idle mode CA/DC
measurements, if Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤
S~nonIntraSearchQ~ the inter-frequency measurement requirements in
clause 4.2.2.4 shall apply, where UE shall search for and measure
inter-frequency layers configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements in
preparation for possible reporting. If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and
Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ the UE shall search for inter-frequency
layers configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements at least every
T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2.2.7, where UE shall search for and measure
inter-frequency layers configured for idle mode CA/DC measurements in
preparation for possible reporting.

For UE supporting *idleInactiveNR-MeasBeamReport-r16*, if the UE is
configured with *beamMeasConfigIdle-r16* for idle mode CA/DC
measurement, the UE shall be capable of performing SS-RSRP, SS-RSRQ for
at least

\- 7 SSBs with different SSB index and/or PCI on an inter-frequency
layer in FR1,

\- 10 SSBs with different SSB index and/or PCI on an inter-frequency
layer in FR2.

For UE supporting *idleInactiveNR-MeasBeamReport-r16*, if the UE is
configured with *beamMeasConfigIdle-r16* on one or more carrier for idle
mode CA/DC measurement, the UE, on each carrier, shall be able to:

\- detect a newly detectable inter-frequency NR cell and perform
RSRP/RSRQ measurement in preparation for reporting, and

\- acquire the SSB index for a newly detectable inter-frequency NR cell
if *beamMeasConfigIdle-r16* is configured on this carrier and perform
RSRP/RSRQ measurement in preparation for reporting,

within the requirements defined in clause 4.2.2.4 plus k\*
T~SSB\_index,NR\_Inter~, where k is the number of carriers configured
for idle mode CA/DC measurement with *beamMeasConfigIdle-r16*, and
T~SSB\_index,NR\_Inter~ is the additional time period used to acquire
the index of the SSB being measured as defined in table 4.4.2.2-1.

Table 4.4.2.2-1: T~SSB\_index,NR\_Inter~

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DRX cycle      | Scaling Factor | T~SSB\_in      |                |
| length \[s\]   | (N1)           | dex,NR\_Inter~ |                |
|                |                | \[s\] (number  |                |
|                |                | of DRX cycles) |                |
+================+================+================+================+
|                | FR1            | FR2^Note1^     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.32           | 1              | 8              | N2 x 1.28 x N1 |
|                |                |                | x 1.5 (N2 x 4  |
|                |                |                | x N1 x 1.5)    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 0.64           |                | 5              | N2 x 1.28 x N1 |
|                |                |                | (N2 x 2 x N1)  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1.28           |                | 4              | N2 x 1.28 x N1 |
|                |                |                | (N2 x 1 x N1)  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2.56           |                | 3              | N2 x 2.56 x N1 |
|                |                |                | (N2 x 1 x N1)  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1:        |                |                |                |
| Applies for UE |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| power class    |                |                |                |
| 2&3&4. For UE  |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| power class 1, |                |                |                |
| N1 = 8 for all |                |                |                |
| DRX cycle      |                |                |                |
| length.        |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: N2 = 3 |                |                |                |
| if the NR      |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| nter-frequency |                |                |                |
| carrier for    |                |                |                |
| idle mode      |                |                |                |
| CA/DC          |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| reporting is   |                |                |                |
| in FR1, and N2 |                |                |                |
| = 5 if the NR  |                |                |                |
| i              |                |                |                |
| nter-frequency |                |                |                |
| carrier for    |                |                |                |
| idle mode      |                |                |                |
| CA/DC          |                |                |                |
| measurement    |                |                |                |
| reporting is   |                |                |                |
| in FR2.        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

In the absence or expiration of T331, it is up to UE implementation to
perform the idle mode CA/DC measurement.

For inter-frequency carriers configured for idle mode CA/DC
measurements, the UE shall be capable of performing SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ
measurements of the carriers, and the UE physical layer shall be capable
of reporting SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the carriers configured
for idle mode CA/DC measurements to higher layers, with measurement
accuracy as specified in clauses 10.1.4B and 10.1.5B and 10.1.9B and
10.1.10B, respectively.

The UE shall be able to report idle mode CA/DC measurements when idle
mode CA/DC measurement reporting is requested by the network.

#### 4.4.2.3 Measurements on serving cell

The UE shall measure the RSRP and RSRQ level of the serving cell and
evaluate the cell selection criterion S defined in clause 4.2.2.2 and
the UE physical layer shall be capable of reporting RSRP and RSRQ
measurements of the serving cell to higher layers, with measurement
accuracy as specified in 10.1.2B, 10.1.3B, 10.1.7B and 10.1.8B.

#### 4.4.2.4 Measurements of E-UTRAN inter-RAT DC candidate cells

While T331 is running, the UE shall perform measurement on the
configured inter-RAT carriers for idle mode DC measurement reporting
according to the UE measurement capability.

A UE which supports *idleInactiveEUTRA-MeasReport-r16* shall support
idle mode DC measurements of:

\- at least 7 E-UTRAN inter-RAT carriers which are also configured for
E-UTRAN inter-RAT mobility measurements, and

\- at least 1 E-UTRAN inter-RAT carrier which is not configured for
E-UTRAN inter-RAT mobility measurements.

The UE shall be capable of monitoring a total of at least 7 inter-RAT
carriers for idle mode DC measurements comprising of carriers configured
for inter-RAT mobility measurements and carriers not configured for
inter-RAT mobility measurements.

For inter-RAT carriers configured for idle mode DC measurements, if
Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~ the inter-RAT
measurement requirements in clause 4.2.2.5 shall apply, where UE shall
search for and measure inter-RAT layers configured for idle mode DC
measurements in preparation for possible reporting. If Srxlev \>
S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~ the UE shall search
for inter-RAT layers configured for idle mode DC measurements at least
every T~higher\_priority\_search~ where T~higher\_priority\_search~ is
described in clause 4.2.2, where UE shall search for and measure
inter-RAT layers configured for idle mode /DC measurements in
preparation for possible reporting.

For overlapping inter-RAT carriers configured for idle mode DC
measurements, the UE shall be capable of performing RSRP and RSRQ
measurements of the carriers, and the UE physical layer shall be capable
of reporting RSRP and RSRQ measurements of the carriers configured for
idle mode DC measurements to higher layers, with measurement accuracy as
specified in clauses 9.1.3B.2 and 9.1.6B.2 \[15\], respectively.

The UE shall be able to report idle mode DC measurements when idle mode
DC measurement reporting is requested by the network.

4.5 NR measurements for positioning
-----------------------------------

### 4.5.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements for UE capable of performing NR
positioning measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\], including RSTD,
PRS-RSRP, PRS-RSRPP, and RSCPD with RSTD measurements in RRC\_IDLE
state.

The requirements in clauses 4.5.2, 4.5.3, 4.5.4, and 4.5.5 are
applicable to PRS resources that do not collide with other DL
signals/channels which include SSB, SIB1, CORESET0, MSG2/MSGB, paging
and DL SDT. In addition, a UE is not expected to receive PRS resources
that collide with a time interval starting at symbol *m* and ending at
symbol *m + N~2~*, where symbol *m* is the last symbol in which the UE
is configured to receive PDCCH and *N~2~* is defined in clause 6.4 of TS
38.214 \[26\] for the subcarrier spacing μ of the DL PRS.

If a PRS resource is outside or partially overlapped with the initial DL
BWP, a PRS resource instance collides with another DL signals/channels
if any portion of the other DL signal/channel overlaps with the time
interval starting X symbols before the PRS instance and ending X symbols
after the PRS instance, taking into account *nr-DL-
PRS-ExpectedRSTD-Uncertainty* and *nr-DL-PRS-ExpectedRSTD,* where X is
defined in table 5.6.1-1.

All measurement requirements specified in clauses 4.5.2, 4.5.3, 4.5.4,
and 4.5.5 shall apply for DRX and eDRX configurations specified in
TS 38.331 \[2\] for RRC\_IDLE state.

The requirements in clauses 4.5.2, 4.5.3, 4.5.4 and 4.5.5 are applicable
provided that the cell selection procedure for the selected PLMN defined
in TS 38.304 \[1\] is not triggered during PRS measurement period.

The requirements in clauses 4.5.2, 4.5.3, and 4.5.4 apply provided that
all PRS resources within a PFL are within up to 2 separate windows
within T~PRS,i~ for each positioning frequency layer *i*, where each
window is up to 10ms and T~PRS,i~ is defined in clauses 4.5.2, 4.5.3,
and 4.5.4.

The UE is not required to perform additional SSB measurement for the SSB
configured as QCL source of PRS resources.

When the UE is configured with measurement for more than one positioning
requests, the measurement period for each request may be longer than
measurement period when UE is configured with measurement for single
positioning request.

### 4.5.2 RSTD measurements

#### 4.5.2.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 4.5.2 shall apply provided the UE has
received *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* message from the LMF
via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to measure and report DL RSTD
measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\].

#### 4.5.2.2 Requirements Applicability 

The requirements in clause 4.5.2 apply for periodic and triggered RSTD
measurements, provided:

> \- PRS-RSTD related side conditions given in clause 10.1.23.2 for FR1
> and FR2 are fulfilled, for a corresponding band.

#### 4.5.2.3 Measurement Capability

The UE PRS RSTD measurement capability in RRC\_IDLE state is as
indicated by the UE in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities*, according to TS
37.355 \[34\].

#### 4.5.2.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. The UE will transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to
transmitting the measurement report.

For RSTD measurements performed by a UE in RRC\_IDLE state, the
measurement reporting delay excludes all of the following:

\- additional delay caused other LPP signalling on the DCCH,

\- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report in
the TTI of the uplink DCCH, equal to 2 x TTI~DCCH~ where TTI~DCCH~ is
the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the measurement report
is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or subslot duration,

\- any delay caused by unavailability of UL resources to transmit the
measurement report,

\- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

The reported RSTD measurement values contained in measurement reports
shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements specified
in clause 10.1.23.3.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.23.2, for each measured DL PRS resource.

#### 4.5.2.5 Measurements Period Requirements

After receiving both *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message from the LMF via LPP
\[34\], the UE shall be able to measure multiple (*up to the UE
capability specified in clause 4.5.2.3*) DL RSTD measurements, defined*
in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the measurement period $T_{RSTD,Total}$
defined as:

$T_{RSTD,Total} = \sum_{i = 1}^{L}{T_{RSTD,i} + \ \left( L - 1 \right)*\max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)\ }$

Where:

> \- $i$ is the index of positioning frequency layer,
>
> \- $L$ is total number of positioning frequency layers, and
>
> \- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS RSTD measurement in
> positioning frequency layer i

$T_{RSTD,i}$ is the measurement period for PRS RSTD measurement in
positioning frequency layer *i* as specified below:

$T_{RSTD,i} = \ {\left( {K_{carrier\_ PRS}*\ N_{Rx,TEG,i}*N}_{\text{RxBeam},i}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}}{N^{'}} \right\rceil*\left\lceil \frac{L_{available\_ PRS,i}}{N} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T}_{effect,i} + \text{T}_{\text{last},i}$
,

Where:

> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ is the UE Rx beam sweeping factor:
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ = 1 if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR1,
> and if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR2
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
> *supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* if the capability is reported
> by the UE for the band containing positioning frequency layer i, and
> LMF indicates *lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in
> *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* .
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to 8, otherwise.
>
> \- $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ is a scaling factor for PRS-based NR
> positioning measurements in RRC\_IDLE. If the UE supports
> *parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, K~carrier\_PRS~ = 1; otherwise,
>
> \- If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS} = K_{\text{carrier}} + 1$, where
> $K_{\text{carrier}}$ **is** defined in clause 4.2.2.4
>
> \- If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS} = N_{\text{layers}} + 1$, where $N_{\text{layers}}$
> **is** defined in clause 4.2.2.7.
>
> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}$ is the Rx TEG specific scaling factor:
>
> \- $N_{\text{Rx},\text{TEG},i}$ =1 if the UE is not configured by the
> LMF to measure a PRS resource with multiple Rx TEGs via
> *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\].
>
> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}$ is defined as follows if the UE is configured by the
> LMF with *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\] to
> perform measurement on same DL PRS resource of a TRP using different
> Rx TEGs in *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* \[34\]:
>
> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ P$, if the UE is not capable of receiving same
> DL PRS resource simultaneously from multiple Rx TEGs, where P is the
> number of UE Rx TEGs that the UE is requested by LMF to measure the
> same DL-PRS Resource of a TRP indicated by
> *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* in \[34\], and in
> case 'n0' is indicated, P is the maximum number of Rx TEGs with which
> UE can support to measure the same PRS resource as reported in
> *NR-UE-TEG-Capability*.
>
> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ \left\lceil \frac{P}{Q} \right\rceil\ $, if the
> UE is capable of receiving the same DL PRS resource simultaneously
> from multiple Rx TEGs, where $Q$ is the number of UE Rx TEGs for
> measuring the same DL-PRS Resource simultaneously indicated by
> *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGsSimul-r17* in \[34\].
>
> \- $N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS resources
> in positioning frequency layer *i* configured in a slot.
>
> \- $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ is the time duration of available PRS in
> positioning frequency layer *i* to be measured $T_{PRS,i}$, and is
> calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined in clause 5.1.6.5
> of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$, only
> unmuted PRS resources that are not fully overlapped with other
> higher-priority DL signals/channels are considered.
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS RSTD samples, where
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 1 if the UE supports
> *supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive-r17* \[34\], and the
> LMF requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced
> number of samples, and meets the following conditions:
>
> \- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and
>
> \- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
> neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE supports
> *supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive-r17* \[34\], and the
> LMF requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced
> number of samples, and does not meet the following conditions:
>
> \- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and
>
> \- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
> neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise.
>
> \- $\text{T}_{\text{last,i}}$ is the measurement duration for the last
> PRS RSTD sample in positioning frequency layer *i*, including the
> sampling time and processing time, $\text{T}_{\text{last},i}$ **=**
> $T_{\text{i}}$ **+** $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ ,
>
> \- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS RSTD measurement in
> positioning frequency layer i *defined as:*

$T_{effect,i}$ =
$\left\lceil \frac{T_{i}}{T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}} \right\rceil*T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$

> Where:
>
> \- $T_{i}$ corresponds to
> *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\],
>
> \-
> $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i} = \text{LCM}\left( T_{\text{PRS},i},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
> the least common multiple between $T_{\text{PRS},i}$ and
> $T_{\text{DRX}}$, where $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is the DRX cycle of the UE,
> defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], clause 7.1.
>
> \- $T_{\text{PRS},i}$ is the periodicity of DL PRS resource with
> muting on positioning frequency layer *i*.

If more than one PRS periodicities are configured in positioning
frequency layer *i*, the least common multiple of PRS periodicities
$T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$ among all DL PRS resource
sets in the positioning frequency layer is used to derive
$T_{\text{PRS},i}$, where,

> \-
> ${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}}*T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
> is the PRS periodicity with muting per PRS resource,
>
> \- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource
> sets given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*.
>
> \- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
> muting.
> $N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}*L_{\text{muting}}$,
> where
>
> \- $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
> given by the higher-layer parameter
> *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*, and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the
> size of the bitmap $\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$.
>
> \- $\{ N,T\}$ is the UE capability combination per band for RRC\_IDLE
> state where N is a duration of DL PRS symbols in ms corresponding to
> *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbols-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\], T (ms)
> corresponds to *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS
> 37.355 \[34\], for a given maximum bandwidth supported by UE
> corresponding to *supportedBandwidthPRS* in TS 37.355 \[34\],
>
> \- $N’$ is UE capability for number of DL PRS resources that it can
> process in a slot in RRC\_IDLE state as indicated by
> *maxNumOfDL-PRS-ResProcessedPerSlot-RRC-Inactive-r17* specified in TS
> 37.355 \[34\].

If the following conditions are met, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts
from the first DL PRS resource(s) instances inside a PTW after both the
*NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\]*.

\- UE is configured with CN eDRX \> 10.24 s, and

\- periodic PRS measurement reporting is configured, and

\- CN eDRX cycle is smaller or equal to the PRS measurement reporting
periodicity configured via higher layer parameter *reportingInterval* in
TS 37.355 \[34\], and

\- there is one or more PRS resources occurring in PTW.

Otherwise, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) after both the *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message
and *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from
LMF to the UE via LPP \[34\].*When the UE is configured with periodic
reporting, as defined in TS 23.273, clause 4.1a.5.1,

If the UE operates in eDRX and eDRX is configured by higher layers
\[1\], and the eDRX cycle T~eDRX,\ CN~ is smaller than or equal to the
configured PRS measurement reporting periodicity given by
*reportingInterval* in TS 37.355 \[34\], and T~eDRX,\ CN~ \> 10.24 s,
the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ *s*tarts from the first DL PRS resource(s)
instances in the assistance data contained inside a Paging Time Window
(PTW) after both the *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\]. Otherwise,* the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ *s*tarts
from the first DRX cycle containing the DL PRS resource(s) in the
assistance data after both the *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered
from LMF to the UE via LPP \[34\].*

When the UE is not configured with periodic reporting, the
time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ *s*tarts from the first DRX cycle containing the
DL PRS resource(s) in the assistance data after both the
*NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\].*

> NOTE: No per-positioning frequency layer requirement is applied in
> scenarios when multiple positioning frequency layers are configured.

If the UE DRX cycle $T_{\text{DRX}}$ changes during the RSTD measurement
period, then the measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is configured for DL-TDOA, RSTD and PRS-RSRP are performed
over the same measurement period.

When PRS-RSRPP is configured for DL-TDOA, RSTD and PRS-RSRPP are
performed over the same measurement period.

The measurement requirements do not apply to any PRS resource that
always collides with other higher-priority DL signals/channels, as
specified in clause 4.5.1.

Longer RSTD measurement period is expected when there are collisions
between PRS resources and other higher-priority DL signals/channels.

If $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ changes for any PFL during the measurement
period, the measurement period could be longer.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if the PRS
resource is across two sampling duration of N within duration
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if time
span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the minimum number
of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is greater than
UE reported capability N.

The requirements in clause 4.5.2 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities, and
it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured, subject
to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If cell re-selection occurs while RSTD measurements are being performed,
then the UE shall continue and complete the on-going RSTD measurements
after the cell selection is completed. The RSTD measurement period can
be longer.

If the RRC state transition occurs from RRC\_IDLE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the RSTD measurement period, then the UE shall continue the
RSTD measurement in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The RSTD measurement
period can be longer.

The UE shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.23.2.

#### 4.5.2.6 Measurements Period Requirements with Bandwidth Aggregation

The requirements in this clause apply provided that UE receives requests
from LMF to perform PRS measurement on aggregated positioning frequency
layers (PFLs) via *nr-DL-PRS-JointMeasurementRequestedPFL-List* in
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation*.

After receiving both *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message from the LMF via LPP
\[34\]*, *the UE shall be able to measure multiple (*up to the UE
capability specified in clause 4.5.2.3*) DL RSTD measurements, defined*
in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the measurement period $T_{RSTD,Total}$
defined as:

$T_{RSTD,total} = \ T_{RSTD,\ aggr} + \ T_{RSTD,non - aggr}\  + \ T_{\text{margin}}$

Where:

\- $T_{RSTD,\ aggr}$ is the total measurement period for aggregated
measurements, and

\- $T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$ is the total measurement period for
non-aggregated measurements as defined in this clause, and

\- ***When both*** $T_{RSTD,\ aggr}$ ***and*** $T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$ are
non-zero, then $T_{\text{margin}} = T_{\text{margin}}^{'}$***;
otherwise*** $T_{\text{margin}} = 0$, where
$T_{\text{margin}}^{'} = \max\left( T_{effect,j} \right)$***, and the
maximum*** $T_{effect,j}$ ***is across all the PFL combination(s) and
non-aggregated PFL(s) configured for positioning measurements***.

$T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$ is zero if every resource set on every PFL is
linked for aggregation to at least one other resource set on another
PFL. Otherwise, $T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$ is as defined in clause 4.5.2.5
with the following exceptions,

\- only PFLs containing resource set(s) not linked to any other resource
set(s) are considered in $L$,

\- on each PFL $i$, only resource set(s) not linked to any other
resource set(s) are considered in
$T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$,
$N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}$ and $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$*,*

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE supports the capability of
positioning measurements with reduced number of samples as indicated by
*supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* specified in TS 37.355
\[34\], and the LMF requests the UE to perform positioning measurements
with reduced number of samples,

\- $\left( L - 1 \right)*\max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)$ ***is replace
by*** $\left( L - 1 \right)*T_{\text{margin}}^{'}$.

$T_{RSTD,aggr}$ is zero if no resource sets on any PFL are linked for
aggregation with other resource sets on other PFLs. Otherwise,
$T_{RSTD,aggr}$ is defined as

$T_{RSTD,aggr} = \ \sum_{m = 1}^{M}T_{RSTD,aggr,m} + \ \left( M - 1 \right)*T_{\text{margin}}^{'}\text{\ \ \ \ }$

where:

\- $m$ is the index of PFL combination,

\- $M$ is total number of PFL combinations,

\- $T_{effect,aggr,m}$ is the periodicity of the PRS measurement in PFL
combination $m$ as defined in this clause,

\- $T_{RSTD,aggr,m}$ is the measurement period for PRS RSTD measurement
in PFL combination $m$ as specified below.

$$T_{RSTD,aggr,m} = \left( K_{carrier,aggr}*N_{Rx,TEG,aggr,m}*N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{PRS,aggr,m}^{\text{slot}}}{N_{aggr,m}^{'}} \right\rceil*\left\lceil \frac{L_{\text{available}_{\text{PRS}},aggr,m}}{N_{aggr,m}} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T_{effect,aggr,m} + \text{T}_{\text{last},aggr,m}$$

where:

\- $K_{carrier,aggr}$ is a scaling factor for PRS measurements in
RRC\_IDLE. If the UE supports *parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*,
$K_{carrier\_ PRS}$= 1. Otherwise,

\- If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
$K_{carrier\_ PRS}$equals to the sum of K~carrier~ in clause 4.2.2.4 and
one positioning layer.

\- If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
$K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ equals to the sum of N~layer~ in clause 4.2.2.7 and
one positioning layer.

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,m}$ is the Rx TEG specific scaling factor:

\- $N_{\text{Rx},\text{TEG},m}$ =1 if the UE is not configured by the
LMF to measure a PRS resource with multiple Rx TEGs via
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\].

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,m}$ is defined as follows if the UE is configured by the
LMF with *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\] to
perform measurement on same DL PRS resource of a TRP using different Rx
TEGs in *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* \[34\]:

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,m}\  = \ P$, if the UE is not capable of receiving same DL
PRS resource simultaneously from multiple Rx TEGs, where P is the number
of UE Rx TEGs that the UE is requested by LMF to measure the same DL-PRS
Resource of a TRP indicated by
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* in \[34\], and in
case 'n0' is indicated, P is the maximum number of Rx TEGs with which UE
can support to measure the same PRS resource as reported in
*NR-UE-TEG-Capability*.

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,m}\  = \ \left\lceil \frac{P}{Q} \right\rceil\ $, if the
UE is capable of receiving the same DL PRS resource simultaneously from
multiple Rx TEGs, where $Q$ is the number of UE Rx TEGs for measuring
the same DL-PRS Resource simultaneously indicated by
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGsSimul-r17* in \[34\].

\- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ is a scaling factor for PRS measurements with
multiple Rx beams, and is defined as

\- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ = 1 if PFL combination *m* is in FR1,

\- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ is defined as follows if PFL combination *m* is
in FR2

\- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
*supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* if the capability is reported
by the UE for the band containing PFL combination *m*, and LMF indicates
*lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation*,

\- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ equals to 8 otherwise

\- $N_{PRS,aggr,m}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS
resources in PFL combination *m* configured in a slot, and only the PRS
resources in resource set(s) linked to other resource set in PFL
combination *m* are counted

\- $N_{aggr,m}^{'}$ is the UE capability on maximum number of DL PRS
resources that can be processed in a slot for PFL combination *m* as
indicated by *maxNumOfAggregatedDL-PRS-ResourcePerSlot* specified in TS
37.355 \[34\].

\- $L_{\text{available}_{\text{PRS}},aggr,m}$ is the time duration of
available PRS resources in PFL combination *m* to be measured during
$T_{PRS,aggr,m}$, and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K
defined in clause 5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of
$L_{\text{available}_{\text{PRS}},aggr,m}$, only unmuted PRS resources
in resource set(s) linked to other resource set in PFL combination *m*
and that are not fully overlapped with other higher-priority DL
signals/channels are considered.

\- $N_{aggr,m}$ is the UE capability on duration of DL PRS resources in
ms for PFL combination *m* as indicated by
*prs-durationOfTwoPRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsN* or
*prs-durationOfThreePRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsN* specified in TS 37.355
\[34\].

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is number of PRS measurement samples,

> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE supports the capability of
> positioning measurements with reduced number of samples as indicated
> by *reducedNumOfSampleInMeasurementWithPRS-BWA-RRC-IdleAndInactive*
> specified in TS 37.355 \[34\], and the LMF requests the UE to perform
> positioning measurements with reduced number of samples,
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise.
>
> \- $T_{effect,aggr,m}$ is the periodicity of the PRS measurement in
> PFL combination $m$,
>
> $T_{effect,aggr,m} = \left\lceil \frac{T_{aggr,m}}{T_{available,PRS,aggr,m}} \right\rceil*T_{available,PRS,aggr,m}$
>
> \- $T_{aggr,m}$ is the UE capability on time for processing of DL PRS
> resources in ms for PFL combination *m* as indicated by
> *prs-durationOfTwoPRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsT* or
> *prs-durationOfThreePRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsT* specified in TS 37.355
> \[34\].
>
> \-
> $T_{available,PRS,aggr,m} = LCM\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
> the least common multiple between
> $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}}$ and the DRX cycle length
> $T_{\text{DRX}}$, defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], clause 7.1.
>
> \- $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}}$ is the periodicity of DL PRS
> resource with muting on PFL combination $m$
>
> \- If more than one PRS periodicities are configured in PFL
> combination $m$, the least common multiple of PRS periodicities
> $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$ among all DL PRS resource
> sets that are linked to other resource set in PFL combination $m$, is
> used to derive $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}}$, and for each
> applicable PRS resource set,
>
> \-
> ${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}}*T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
> is the PRS periodicity with muting per PRS resource, and
>
> \- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource
> set given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*, and
>
> \- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
> muting.
> $N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}*L_{\text{muting}}$,
> where $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
> given by the higher-layer parameter
> *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*, and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the
> size of the bitmap $\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$.

\- $\text{T}_{\text{last},aggr,m}$ is the measurement duration for the
last PRS sample in PFL combination $m$, including the sampling time and
processing time,
$\text{T}_{\text{last},aggr,m} = T_{aggr,m} + T_{available,PRS,aggr,m}$.

If the following conditions are met, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts
from the first DL PRS resource(s) instances inside a PTW after both the
*NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\]*.

\- UE is configured with CN eDRX \> 10.24 s, and

\- periodic PRS measurement reporting is configured, and

\- CN eDRX cycle is smaller or equal to the PRS measurement reporting
periodicity configured via higher layer parameter *reportingInterval* in
TS 37.355 \[34\], and

\- there is one or more PRS resources occurring in PTW.

Otherwise, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) after both the *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message
and *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from
LMF to the UE via LPP \[34\].*

The requirements in this clause for aggregated measurements apply
provided that the linked PRS resource sets on multiple PFLs for
aggregated measurements satisfy all the conditions specified in clause
5.1.6.5.3 in TS 38.214 \[26\].

NOTE: No separate requirement on non-aggregated measurement based on
$T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$ or on aggregated measurement based on
$T_{RSTD,aggr}$ is applied ***when both*** $T_{RSTD,\ aggr}$ ***and***
$T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$ are non-zero.

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the RSTD measurement period,
then the measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is also reported by UE together with RSTD measurement
based on aggregated DL-PRS resources from multiple-PFLs, PRS-RSRP are
performed over the measurement period defined in clause 4.5.2.6.

When PRS-RSRPP is also reported by UE together with RSTD measurement
based on aggregated DL-PRS resources from multiple-PFLs, PRS-RSRPP are
performed over the measurement period defined in clause 4.5.2.6.

Longer RSTD measurement period is expected when there are collisions
between PRS resources in any of the PFLs configured for aggregation and
other higher-priority DL signals/channels.

If $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ changes for any PFL or any PFL combination during
the measurement period, the measurement period could be longer.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if the PRS
resource is across two sampling duration of N within duration
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if time
span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the minimum number
of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is greater than
UE reported capability N.

The requirements in clause 4.5.2.6 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities, and
it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured, subject
to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If cell re-selection occurs while RSTD measurements are being performed,
then the UE shall continue and complete the on-going RSTD measurements
after the cell selection is completed. The RSTD measurement period can
be longer.

If the RRC state transition occurs from RRC\_IDLE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the RSTD measurement period then the UE shall continue the
RSTD measurement in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The RSTD measurement
period can be longer.

The UE shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.23A.2.

### 4.5.3 PRS-RSRP measurements

#### 4.5.3.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 4.5.3 shall apply provided the UE has
received *a* message from LMF via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to
measure and report PRS-RSRP measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\]. The
UE is supposed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

#### 4.5.3.2 Requirements applicability

The requirements in clause 4.5.3 apply for periodic and triggered
PRS-RSRP measurements, provided:

> \- PRS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.24.2 are met
> for a corresponding Band.

#### 4.5.3.3 Measurement Capability

UE PRS-RSRP measurement capability in RRC\_IDLE state is as indicated by
the UE in *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities* according to TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 4.5.3.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. The UE will transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to
transmitting the measurement report.

For PRS-RSRP measurements performed by the UE in RRC\_IDLE state, the
measurement reporting delay excludes all of the following:

\- any delay caused other LPP signalling on the DCCH,

\- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report in
the TTI of the uplink DCCH which is equal to 2 x TTI~DCCH~ where
TTI~DCCH~ is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the
measurement report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or
subslot duration,

\- any delay caused by no UL resources for UE to send the measurement
report,

\- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

The reported PRS-RSRP measurement values contained in measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clause 10.1.24.3.

The PRS-RSRP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1.24.2.

#### 4.5.3.5 Measurement Period Requirements

When the physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF* via
LPP \[34\], the UE shall be able to measure multiple (up to the UE
capability specified in clause 4.5.3.3) PRS-RSRP measurements, defined
in TS 38.215 \[4\], from configured PRS resources for configured TRPs on
configured positioning frequency layers, within
$T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,total}}$ ms.

$T_{PRS - RSRP,Total} = \sum_{i = 1}^{L}{T_{PRS - RSRP,i} + \ \left( L - 1 \right)*\max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)\ }$

Where:

> *- i* is the index of positioning frequency layer,
>
> \- L is total number of positioning frequency layers,
>
> \- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS-RSRP measurement in
> positioning frequency layer *i*.

$T_{PRS - RSRP,i} = {\left( {{K_{\text{carrier}\_ PRS}}_{i}*N}_{\text{RxBeam},i}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}}{N^{'}} \right\rceil\left\lceil \frac{L_{available\_ PRS,i}}{N} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T}_{effect,i} + \text{T}_{\text{last}}$

Where:

> \- $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ is a scaling factor for PRS-based NR
> positioning measurements in RRC\_IDLE. If the UE supports
> *parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$= 1. Otherwise,
>
> \- If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$equals to the sum of K~carrier~ in clause 4.2.2.4
> and one positioning layer.
>
> \- If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ equals to the sum of N~layer~ in clause 4.2.2.7
> and one positioning layer.
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}\ $is the scaling factor for Rx beam sweeping:

-   $N_{RxBeam,i}$=1 if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR1, and

-   If positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR2

> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
> *supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* if the capability is reported
> by the UE for the band containing positioning frequency layer i, and
> LMF indicates *lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in
> *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation*.
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to 8, otherwise.
>
> \- $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ is the time duration of available PRS to be
> measured in the positioning frequency layer i to be measured during
> $T_{PRS,i}$, and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K
> defined in clause 5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of
> $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$, only unmuted PRS resources that are not fully
> overlapped with other higher-priority DL signals/channels are
> considered.
>
> \- $N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS resources
> of positioning frequency layer i configured in a slot,
>
> \- $\{ N,T\}$ is UE capability combination per band where N is a
> duration of DL PRS symbols in ms corresponding to
> *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbols-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\] processed
> every T ms corresponding to
> *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\]
> for a given maximum bandwidth supported by UE corresponding to
> *supportedBandwidthPRS* in TS 37.355 \[34\],
>
> \- $N’$ is UE capability for number of DL PRS resources that it can
> process in a slot as indicated by
> *maxNumOfDL-PRS-ResProcessedPerSlot-RRC-Inactive-r17* in clause 6.4.3
> of TS 37.355 \[34\],
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS-RSRP measurement samples
> and
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 1, if UE supports
> *supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
> indicates the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced
> number of samples by *reducedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples* \[34\], and the
> following conditions are met:
>
> \- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and
>
> \- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
> neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2, if UE supports
> *supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
> indicates the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced
> number of samples by *reducedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples* \[34\], and the
> following conditions are not met$:$
>
> \- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and
>
> \- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
> neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise
>
> $\text{T}_{\text{last}\text{,i}}$ *=* $T_{\text{i}}$
> *+*$T_{available\_ PRS\text{,i}}$ is the measurement duration for the
> last PRS-RSRP sample, including the sampling time and processing time,
>
> \-
> $T_{effect,i} = \ \left\lceil \frac{T_{i}}{T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}} \right\rceil*T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$
> is the periodicity of PRS-RSRP measurement in positioning frequency
> layer *i*,
>
> \- $T_{i}$ corresponds to
> *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\],
>
> \-
> $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}} = \text{LCM}\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)\text{\ is}$
> the least common multiple between $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ and
> $T_{\text{DRX}}$*.*
>
> \- $T_{PRS,i}$ is the maximum PRS resource periodicity among all PRS
> resources in positioning frequency layer i,
>
> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is the DRX cycle length if UE is not configured
> with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, and $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is defined as T in TS
> 38.304\[1\] if UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle.

If positioning frequency layer *i* has more than one DL PRS resource set
with different PRS periodicities with muting,
${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}}*T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
the least common multiple of $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$
among the DL PRS resource sets is used to derive $T_{PRS,i}$, where:

> \- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource
> sets given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*.
>
> \- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
> muting.
> $N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}*L_{\text{muting}}$,
> where $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
> given by the higher-layer parameter
> *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*, and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the
> size of the bitmap $\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$.

If the following conditions are met, the time$\ T_{PRS - RSRP,Total}$
starts from the first DL PRS resource(s) instances inside a PTW after
both the *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\]*.

\- UE is configured with CN eDRX \> 10.24 s, and

\- periodic PRS measurement reporting is configured, and

\- CN eDRX cycle is smaller or equal to the PRS measurement reporting
periodicity configured via higher layer parameter *reportingInterval* in
TS 37.355 \[34\], and

\- there is one or more PRS resources occurring in PTW.

Otherwise, the time$\ T_{PRS - RSRP,Total}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) after both the *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\].*

NOTE: No per-positioning frequency layer requirement is applied in
scenarios when multiple positioning frequency layers are configured.

*When the PRS-RSRP measurement is configured together with RSTD
measurement then the PRS-RSRP measurement shall meet the* RSTD
measurement requirements defined in clause 4.5.2.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource:

> \- if the PRS resource is across two sampling duration of N within
> duration $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ or
>
> \- if time span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the
> minimum number of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements)
> is greater than UE reported capability N.

Longer PRS-RSRP measurement period is expected when there is
collision/overlap between other DL signals/channels and PRS resources in
RRC\_IDLE state.

The requirements in clause 4.5.3 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer paramters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities, and
it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured, subject
to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the PRS-RSRP measurement period
then the PRS-RSRP measurement period can be longer.

If cell reselection occurs while PRS-RSRPP measurement is being
performed, then the UE shall continue and complete the on-going PRS-RSRP
measurement after the cell selection is completed. The PRS-RSRP
measurement period can be longer.

If the UE's RRC state changes from the RRC\_IDLE to RRC\_CONNECTED
during the PRS-RSRP measurement period, then the UE shall continue the
PRS-RSRP measurement in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The PRS-RSRP
measurement period can be longer.

The UE shall meet the PRS-RSRP measurement accuracy requirements in
clause 10.1.24.2.

### 4.5.4 PRS-RSRPP measurements

#### 4.5.4.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 4.5.4 shall apply provided the UE has
received a message from LMF via LPP requesting the UE to measure and
report PRS-RSRPP measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\]. The UE is
supposed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

#### 4.5.4.2 Requirements Applicability

The requirements in clause 4.5.4 apply for periodic and triggered
PRS-RSRPP measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSRPP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.38.2 are met
for a corresponding Band.

#### 4.5.4.3 Measurement Capability

UE PRS-RSRPP measurement capability in RRC\_IDLE state is as indicated
by the UE in *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities* according to TS 37.355
\[34\].

#### 4.5.4.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. The UE will transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to
transmitting the measurement report.

For PRS-RSRPP measurements performed by the UE in RRC\_IDLE state, the
measurement reporting delay excludes all of the following:

\- any delay caused other LPP signalling on the DCCH,

\- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report in
the TTI of the uplink DCCH which is equal to 2 x TTI~DCCH~ where
TTI~DCCH~ is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the
measurement report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or
subslot duration,

\- any delay caused by no UL resources for UE to send the measurement
report,

\- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

The reported PRS-RSRPP measurement values contained in measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clause 10.1.38.3.

The PRS-RSRPP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1.38.2.

#### 4.5.4.5 Measurement Period Requirements

When the physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF via
LPP \[34\], and the PRS-RSRPP measurement is performed in RRC\_IDLE
state*, measurement period requirements for PRS-RSRP defined in clause
4.5.3.5 is re-used for PRS-RSRPP measurement.

### 4.5.5 Measurement requirements for DL RSCPD reported with RSTD

#### 4.5.5.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 4.5.5 shall apply provided the UE has
received *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* message with
*dl-PRS-RSCPD-Request-r18* from the LMF via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE
to measure and report DL RSCPD with DL RSTD measurements defined in TS
38.215 \[4\].

#### 4.5.5.2 Requirements Applicability 

The requirements in clause 4.5.5 apply for periodic and triggered RSTD
and DL RSCPD measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSTD related side conditions given in clause 10.1.23.2 for FR1
and FR2 are fulfilled, for a corresponding Band.

\- DL RSCPD related side conditions given in clause 10.1.43.2 for FR1
and FR2 are fulfilled, for a corresponding Band.

#### 4.5.5.3 Measurement Capability

The UE PRS RSTD and DL-RSCPD measurement capabilities in RRC\_IDLE state
are as indicated by the UE in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities*,
according to TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 4.5.5.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. The UE will transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to
transmitting the measurement report.

For RSTD and DL RSCPD measurements performed by the UE in RRC\_IDLE
state, the measurement reporting delay excludes all of the following:

> \- additional delay caused by other LPP signalling on the DCCH,
>
> \- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report
> in the TTI of the uplink DCCH, equal to 2 x TTI~DCCH~ where TTI~DCCH~
> is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the measurement
> report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or subslot
> duration,
>
> \- any delay caused by unavailability of UL resources to transmit the
> measurement report,
>
> \- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
> measurements.

The reported RSTD measurement values contained in measurement reports
shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements specified
in clause 10.1.23.3. The reported DL RSCPD measurement values contained
in measurement reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping
requirements specified in clause 10.1.43.3.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.23.2, for each measured DL PRS resource. The DL RSCPD measurements
performed and reported according to this section shall meet the DL RSCPD
measurement accuracy requirements in clause 10.1.43.2, for each measured
DL PRS resource.

#### 4.5.5.5 Measurements Period Requirements

After receiving both *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message from the LMF via LPP
\[34\] with* *dl-PRS-RSCPD-Request-r18*, *the UE shall be able to
measure multiple (*up to the UE capability specified in clause 4.5.5.3*)
DL RSTD and DL RSCPD measurements, defined* in TS 38.215 \[4\].

When LMF does not configure measurement time window(s):

\- When a single PFL is configured, requirements in clause 4.5.2.5 apply
to both DL RSTD and DL RSCPD.

\- When multiple PFLs are configured, the UE performs DL RSCPD
measurement on a single PFL that is common between the reference TRP and
the target TRP, and requirements in clause 4.5.2.5 apply to both DL RSTD
and DL RSCPD.

When LMF configures measurement time window(s), but UE does not support
RSCPD measurement inside time window as indicated in
*supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow*:

\- The UE performs DL RSCPD measurement on the indicated PFL by the
network. The requirements in clause 4.5.2.5 apply to both DL RSTD and DL
RSCPD measurements.

When LMF configures measurement time window(s), and UE supports RSCPD
measurement inside time window as indicated in
*supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow* but does not support RSTD
measurement inside time window as indicated in
*supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow*:

\- The requirements in the clause 4.5.2.5 apply to DL RSTD measurement.

\- The requirements in clause 4.5.5.5 apply to DL RSCPD measurement for
the PRS resource(s) that have occasions only within the measurement time
window.

When LMF configures measurement time window(s), and UE supports RSTD and
RSCPD measurements inside time window as indicated in
*supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow*:

\- The requirements in clause 4.5.5.5 apply to DL RSTD measurement and
DL RSCPD measurement.

If a one-shot time window is configured*, the UE shall be able to
measure multiple (*up to the UE capability specified in clause 4.5.5.3*)
DL RSTD and DL RSCPD measurements, defined* in TS 38.215 \[4\], *based
on the indicated PRS resource sets occurring inside the* one-shot *time
window* during the measurement period $T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,Total}$
defined as:

$T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,Total} = {min(L_{\text{window}},10\ \text{ms}) + \ T}_{i}$*,*

and the UE shall be able to measure multiple DL RSTD measurements,
defined in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the measurement period
$T_{RSTD,Total,with\ one\ shot\ window}$ defined as:

$$T_{RSTD,Total,\ with\ one\ shot\ window} = T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,Total} + max\left( T_{effect,i} \right) + T_{RSTD,Total}$$

Where:

> \- the start of the measurement is the start of the one-shot time
> window, and
>
> \- $L_{\text{window}}$ is the length of the one-shot window, and
>
> \- $T_{effect,i}$ ***and*** $T_{i}$ ***are*** defined in the following
> of this clause, and
>
> \- $T_{\text{RSTD},\text{Total}}$ is defined in clause 4.5.2.5.

The requirements with one-shot window assume scaling factors equal to 1
for the PFLs, for which the one-shot time window is configured.

If a periodic time window is configured*, the UE shall be able to
measure multiple (*up to the UE capability specified in clause 4.5.5.3*)
DL RSTD and DL RSCPD measurements, defined* in TS 38.215 \[4\], *based
on the indicated PRS resource sets occurring inside the time window*
during the measurement period $T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,Total}$ defined as:

$T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,Total} = \sum_{i = 1}^{L}{T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,i} + \ \left( L - 1 \right)*\max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)\ }$

Where:

> \- $i$ is the index of positioning frequency layer,
>
> \- $L$ is total number of positioning frequency layers, and
>
> \- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS RSTD measurement in
> positioning frequency layer i

$T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,i}$ is the measurement period for PRS RSTD
measurement in positioning frequency layer *i* as specified below:

$T_{\text{RSCPD\ with\ }RSTD,i} = \ {\left( {K_{carrier\_ PRS}*\ N_{Rx,TEG,i}*N}_{\text{RxBeam},i}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}}{N^{'}} \right\rceil*\left\lceil \frac{L_{available\_ PRS,i}}{N} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T}_{effect,i} + \text{T}_{\text{last},i}$
,

Where:

> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ is the UE Rx beam sweeping factor:
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ = 1 if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR1,
> and if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR2
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
> *supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* if the capability is reported
> by the UE for the band containing positioning frequency layer i, and
> LMF indicates *lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in
> *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation*.
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to 8, otherwise.
>
> \- $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ is a scaling factor for PRS-based NR
> positioning measurements in RRC\_IDLE. If the UE supports
> *parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, K~carrier\_PRS~ = 1; otherwise,
>
> \- If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS} = K_{\text{carrier}} + 1$, where
> $K_{\text{carrier}}$ **is** defined in clause 4.2.2.4
>
> \- If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS} = N_{\text{layers}} + 1$, where $N_{\text{layers}}$
> **is** defined in clause 4.2.2.7.
>
> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}$ is the Rx TEG specific scaling factor:
>
> \- $N_{\text{Rx},\text{TEG},i}$ =1 if the UE is not configured by the
> LMF to measure a PRS resource with multiple Rx TEGs via
> *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\].
>
> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}$ is defined as follows if the UE is configured by the
> LMF with *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\] to
> perform measurement on same DL PRS resource of a TRP using different
> Rx TEGs in *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* \[34\]:
>
> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ P$, if the UE is not capable of receiving same
> DL PRS resource simultaneously from multiple Rx TEGs, where P is the
> number of UE Rx TEGs that the UE is requested by LMF to measure the
> same DL-PRS Resource of a TRP indicated by
> *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* in \[34\], and in
> case 'n0' is indicated, P is the maximum number of Rx TEGs with which
> UE can support to measure the same PRS resource as reported in
> *NR-UE-TEG-Capability*.
>
> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ \left\lceil \frac{P}{Q} \right\rceil\ $, if the
> UE is capable of receiving the same DL PRS resource simultaneously
> from multiple Rx TEGs, where $Q$ is the number of UE Rx TEGs for
> measuring the same DL-PRS Resource simultaneously indicated by
> *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGsSimul-r17* in \[34\].
>
> \- $N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS resources
> in positioning frequency layer *i* configured in a slot.
>
> \- $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ is the time duration of available PRS in
> positioning frequency layer *i* to be measured $T_{PRS,i}$, and is
> calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined in clause 5.1.6.5
> of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$, only
> the unmuted PRS resources in the indicated resources sets that are not
> fully overlapped with other higher-priority DL signals/channels *and
> overlapped the time window(s) are considered* if PFL *i* is associated
> with the time window are considered, otherwise only the unmuted PRS
> resources that are not fully overlapped with other higher-priority DL
> signals/channels are considered.
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS RSTD samples, where
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 1 if the UE supports
> *supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
> requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced
> number of samples, and meets the following conditions:
>
> \- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and
>
> \- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
> neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE supports
> *supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
> requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced
> number of samples, and does not meet the following conditions:
>
> \- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and
>
> \- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
> neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise.
>
> \- $\text{T}_{\text{last,i}}$ is the measurement duration for the last
> PRS RSTD sample in positioning frequency layer *i*, including the
> sampling time and processing time, $\text{T}_{\text{last},i}$ **=**
> $T_{\text{i}}$ **+** $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ ,
>
> \- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS RSTD measurement in
> positioning frequency layer i *defined as:*

$T_{\text{effect,i}}$ =
$\left\lceil \frac{T_{\text{i}}}{T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}} \right\rceil*T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$

> Where:
>
> \- $T_{i}$ corresponds to
> *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\],
>
> \-
> $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}} = \text{LCM}\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}},T_{\text{DRX}},\ T_{\text{window}} \right)$,
> the least common multiple between the time window periodicity
> $T_{\text{window}}$ $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$, and the DRX cycle
> length $T_{\text{DRX}}$, defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], clause 7.1, if
> PFL *i* is associated with the time window, otherwise
> $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}} = \text{LCM}\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
>
> \- $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ is the periodicity of DL PRS resource
> with muting on positioning frequency layer *i, and when calculating*
> $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$*, only the PRS resources in the indicated
> resources sets and overlapped with the indicated time window(s) are
> considered* if PFL *i* is associated with the time window,
>
> \- $T_{\text{window}}$ is the maximum periodicity of the indicated
> time window(s).

If more than one PRS periodicities are configured in positioning
frequency layer *i*, the least common multiple of PRS periodicities
$T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$ among all DL PRS resource
sets in the positioning frequency layer is used to derive
$T_{\text{PRS},i}$, where,

> \-
> ${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}}*T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
> is the PRS periodicity with muting per PRS resource,
>
> \- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource
> sets given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*.
>
> \- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
> muting.
> $N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}*L_{\text{muting}}$,
> where
>
> \- $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
> given by the higher-layer parameter
> *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*, and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the
> size of the bitmap $\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$.
>
> \- $\{ N,T\}$ is the UE capability combination per band for RRC\_IDLE
> state where N is a duration of DL PRS symbols in ms corresponding to
> *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbols-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\], T (ms)
> corresponds to *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS
> 37.355 \[34\], and T-N\>0 is the time required to process duration N
> of DL PRS symbols already buffered in memory, for a given maximum
> bandwidth supported by UE corresponding to *supportedBandwidthPRS* in
> TS 37.355 \[34\],
>
> \- $N’$ is UE capability for number of DL PRS resources that it can
> process in a slot in RRC\_IDLE state as indicated by
> *maxNumOfDL-PRS-ResProcessedPerSlot-RRC-Inactive-r17* specified in TS
> 37.355 \[34\].

If the following conditions are met, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts
from the first DL PRS resource(s) instances inside a PTW after both the
*NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\]*.

\- UE is configured with CN eDRX \> 10.24 s, and

\- periodic PRS measurement reporting is configured, and

\- CN eDRX cycle is smaller or equal to the PRS measurement reporting
periodicity configured via higher layer parameter *reportingInterval* in
TS 37.355 \[34\], and

\- there is one or more PRS resources occurring in PTW.

Otherwise, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) after both the *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message
and *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from
LMF to the UE via LPP \[34\].*

> NOTE: No per-positioning frequency layer requirement is applied in
> scenarios when multiple positioning frequency layers are configured.

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the RSCPD with RSTD measurement
period, then the measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is configured for DL-TDOA with a request to perform RSCPD
measurement with RSTD measurement, RSCPD with RSTD and PRS-RSRP are
performed over the same measurement period.

When PRS-RSRPP is configured for DL-TDOA with a request to perform RSCPD
measurement with RSTD measurement, RSCPD with RSTD and PRS-RSRPP are
performed over the same measurement period.The measurement requirements
do not apply to any PRS resource that always collides with other
higher-priority DL signals/channels, as specified in clause 5.6.1.

Longer RSCPD with RSTD measurement period is expected when there are
collisions between PRS resources and other higher-priority DL
signals/channels.

If $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ changes for any PFL during the measurement
period, the measurement period could be longer.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if the PRS
resource is across two sampling duration of N within duration
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if time
span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the minimum number
of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is greater than
UE reported capability N.

The requirements in clause 4.5.5 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities, and
it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured, subject
to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If cell re-selection occurs while RSTD and DL RSCPD measurements are
being performed, then the UE shall continue and complete the on-going
RSTD and DL RSCPD measurements after the cell selection is completed.
The RSTD and DL RSCPD measurement period can be longer.

If the RRC state transition occurs from RRC\_IDLE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the measurement period then the UE shall continue the RSTD
and DL RSCPD measurement in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The RSTD and DL
RSCPD measurement period can be longer.

The UE shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.23.2.

The UE shall meet the DL-RSCPD measurement accuracy requirements in
clause 10.1.43.2.

4.6 NR measurements for positioning for RedCap
----------------------------------------------

### 4.6.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements for RedCap UE capable of performing NR
positioning measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\], including RSTD,
PRS-RSRP, and PRS-RSRPP, in RRC\_IDLE state.

The requirements in clauses 4.6.2, 4.6.3, and 4.6.4 are applicable to
PRS resources that do not collide with other DL signals/channels which
include SSB, SIB1, CORESET0, MSG2/MSGB, paging and DL SDT. In addition,
a UE is not expected to receive PRS resources that collide with a time
interval starting at symbol *m* and ending at symbol *m + N~2~*, where
symbol *m* is the last symbol in which the UE is configured to receive
PDCCH and *N~2~* is defined in clause 6.4 of TS 38.214 \[26\] for the
subcarrier spacing μ of the DL PRS.

If a PRS resource is outside or partially overlapped with the initial DL
BWP, a PRS resource instance collides with another DL
signals/channel~~s~~ if any portion of the other DL signal/channel
overlaps with the time interval starting X symbols before the PRS
instance and ending X symbols after the PRS instance, taking into
account *nr-DL- PRS-ExpectedRSTD-Uncertainty* and
*nr-DL-PRS-ExpectedRSTD.* Where X is defined in table 5.6.1-1.

All measurement requirements specified in clauses 4.6.2, 4.6.3, and
4.6.4 shall apply for DRX and eDRX configurations specified in
TS 38.331 \[2\] for RRC\_IDLE state.

The requirements in clauses 4.6.2, 4.6.3, and 4.6.4 are applicable
provided that the cell selection procedure for the selected PLMN defined
in TS 38.304 \[1\] is not triggered during PRS measurement period.

The requirements in clauses 4.6.2, 4.6.3, and 4.6.4 apply provided that
all PRS resources within a PFL are within up to 2 separate windows
within T~PRS,i~ for each positioning frequency layer *i*, where each
window is up to 10 ms and T~PRS,i~ is defined in in clauses 4.6.2,
4.6.3, and 4.6.4.

The UE is not required to perform additional SSB measurement for the SSB
configured as QCL source of PRS resources.

When the UE is configured with measurement for more than one positioning
requests, the measurement period for each request may be longer than
measurement period when UE is configured with measurement for single
positioning request.

### 4.6.2 RSTD measurements for RedCap

#### 4.6.2.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 4.6.2 shall apply provided the RedCap UE
performing PRS measurement with Rx FH or without RX FH in RRC\_IDLE
state has received *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* message from
the LMF via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to measure and report DL RSTD
measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\].

#### 4.6.2.2 Requirements Applicability 

The requirements in clause 4.6.2 apply for periodic and triggered RSTD
measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSTD related side conditions given in clause 10.1.23.2 for FR1
are fulfilled, for a corresponding Band, for 1 Rx RedCap UE.

\- PRS-RSTD related side conditions given in clause 10.1.23.2 for FR1
and FR2 are fulfilled, for a corresponding Band, for 2 Rx RedCap UE.

#### 4.6.2.3 Measurement Capability

The UE PRS RSTD measurement capability in RRC\_IDLE state is as
indicated by the UE in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities*, according to TS
37.355 \[34\].

#### 4.6.2.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay shall satisfy the requirements defined
in clause 4.6.2.4, with the exception of the applicable measurement
accuracy requirements, which are specified below.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1A.16.2.1, for each measured DL PRS resource by 1 Rx RedCap UE
without RX FH.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.23.2, for each measured DL PRS resource by 2 Rx RedCap UE without
RX FH.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1A.16.2.2, for each measured DL PRS resource by 2 Rx RedCap UE with
RX FH.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1A.16.2.2, for each measured DL PRS resource by 1 Rx RedCap UE with
RX FH.

#### 4.6.2.5 Measurements Period Requirements without RX FH

After receiving both *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message from the LMF via LPP
\[34\],* and UE is not configured to perform DL RSTD measurement with RX
FH, *the UE shall be able to measure multiple (*up to the UE capability
specified in clause 4.6.2.3*) DL RSTD measurements without RX FH,
defined* in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the measurement period
$T_{RSTD,Total}$ defined in 4.5.2.5.

If the following conditions are met, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts
from the first DL PRS resource(s) instances inside a PTW after both the
*NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\]*.

\- UE is configured with CN eDRX \> 10.24 s, and

\- periodic PRS measurement reporting is configured, and

\- CN eDRX cycle is smaller or equal to the PRS measurement reporting
periodicity configured via higher layer parameter *reportingInterval* in
TS 37.355 \[34\], and

\- there is one or more PRS resources occurring in PTW.

Otherwise, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) after both the *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message
and *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from
LMF to the UE via LPP \[34\].*

NOTE: No per-positioning frequency layer requirement is applied in
scenarios when multiple positioning frequency layers are configured.

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the RSTD measurement period,
then the measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is configured for DL-TDOA, RSTD and PRS-RSRP are performed
over the same measurement period.

When PRS-RSRPP is configured for DL-TDOA, RSTD and PRS-RSRPP are
performed over the same measurement period.

The measurement requirements do not apply to any PRS resource that
always collides with other higher-priority DL signals/channels, as
specified in clause 4.6.2.

Longer RSTD measurement period is expected when there are collisions
between PRS resources and other higher-priority DL signals/channels.

If $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ changes for any PFL during the measurement
period, the measurement period could be longer.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if the PRS
resource is across two sampling duration of N within duration
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if time
span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the minimum number
of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is greater than
UE reported capability N.

The requirements in clause 4.6.2.5 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities, and
it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured, subject
to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If cell re-selection occurs while RSTD measurements are being performed,
then the UE shall continue and complete the on-going RSTD measurements
after the cell selection is completed. The RSTD measurement period can
be longer.

If the RRC state transition occurs from RRC\_IDLE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the RSTD measurement period then the UE shall continue the
RSTD measurement in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The RSTD measurement
period can be longer.

The UE shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.23.2.

#### 4.6.2.6 Measurement Period Requirements with RX FH

The requirements in this clause apply when a RedCap UE is requested by
the LMF to perform measurements with FH, and UE reports measurement
based on multiple hops.

The requirements in clause 4.5.2.5 shall apply with the following
modifications.

> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE supports the capability of
> positioning measurements with reduced number of samples as indicated
> by *reducedNumOfSampleForMeasurementWithFH-RRC-IdleAndInactive*
> specified in TS 37.355 \[34\], and the LMF requests the UE to perform
> positioning measurements with reduced number of samples.
>
> \- A measurement sample with FH is defined as a PRS measurement over
> multiple hops within a single time window.
>
> \-
> $L_{\text{available}\_ PRS,i} = \sum_{j = 1}^{J}{N_{hop,i,j}*L_{per - hop,i,j}}$,
> where

\- $N_{hop,i,j}$ is the number of hops that UE can do within a time
window occasion *j* as defined in the following, and

\- $L_{per - hop,i,j}$ is the time duration of available PRS resources
in the positioning frequency layer *i* in each hop to be measured in
time window occasion *j* during $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$,
and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined in clause
5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. *For calculation of* $L_{per - hop,i,j}$*,
only the PRS resources unmuted and fully or partially overlapped with*
the sampling duration in each hop *are considered*;

\- *J* is the number of time window occasions during
$T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$.

*The sampling window per hop is the first* $T_{\text{sample},hop}$
*symbols in each hop, where*
$T_{\text{sample},hop} = \ T_{\text{hop}} - \text{RR}T_{\text{FH}}$,
$T_{\text{hop}}$ is the applicable length per hop as defined in table
4.6.2.6-1, and $\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}}$ is the retuning time between Rx
hops as reported by UE in *rf-RxRetuneTimeFR1 or rf-RxRetuneTimeFR2* via
*NR-DL-PRS-ProcessingCapability* \[34\]. The first hop within a time
window instance starts at no earlier than the earliest arrival time of
the first unmuted PRS resource fully or partially overlapped with the
time window instance considering the *expectedRSTD* and
*expectedRSTD-uncertainty* in the PRS assistance data.

Table 4.6.2.6-1: Applicable number of hops per slot and applicable
length of each hop

  $$\mathbf{\text{RR}}\mathbf{T}_{\mathbf{\text{FH}}}$$                     (comb size, Number of PRS symbols)                        Applicable number of hops per slot$\mathbf{\ }\left( \mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{\text{hops}}}^{\mathbf{\text{slot}}} \right)$   Applicable length per hop ($\mathbf{T}_{\mathbf{\text{hop}}}$) in number of symbols
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  $$\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} \leq 2\ \text{symbols}$$                         (2, 12) with SCS 15 kHz, 30 kHz, 60 kHz in FR2, 120 kHz   2                                                                                                                        7
                                                                            All others                                                1                                                                                                                        14
  $$2\ \text{symbols}\  < \text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} \leq 6\ \text{symbols}$$   (≤ 6, any)                                                1                                                                                                                        14
                                                                            (12, 12)                                                  ½                                                                                                                        28
  $$\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} > 6\ \text{symbols}$$                            Any combination                                           ½                                                                                                                        28

The number of hops within a single time window occasion $N_{hop,i,j}$ is
defined as

$N_{hop,i,j} = min\left( N_{hops,effect,i,j},\left\lfloor \frac{{N3}_{i}}{L_{per - hop,i,j}} \right\rfloor,N_{hop,max,i} \right)$
,

where

> \- $N_{hop,max,i}$ is the maximum number of Rx hops signaled as
> reported by UE in *maximumFH-Hops* via
> *NR-DL-PRS-ProcessingCapability* as specified in \[34\] for
> positioning frequency layer *i,*
>
> \- $N_{hops,effect,i,j}$ is the effective number of Rx hops within a
> single time window occasion *j*,
>
> \- $N_{hops,effect,i,j} = 2*N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
> $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 2,
>
> \- $N_{hops,effect,i,j} = N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
> $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1,
>
> \- $N_{hops,effect,i,j} = N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
> $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1/2 and
> $M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$ \>1,
>
> \-
> $N_{hops,effect,i,j} = \left\lfloor \frac{\left( N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} - 1 \right)}{2} \right\rfloor + 1$,
> if $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1/2 and
> $M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$ =1,

where $N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}\ $is the number of PRS repetitions
within the time window occasion, which are unmuted and fully or
partially overlapped with the sampling duration within each hop.
$M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the PRS repetition interval configured
by *dl-PRS-ResourceTimeGap* and $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ is the
applicable number of hops per slot as defined in table 4.6.2.6-1.

The measurement period requirement with the above modifications applies
provided all PRS resources in each PFL have the same number of PRS
repetitions $\left( N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} \right)$ within a time
window instance and the same PRS repetition interval
$\left( M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} \right)$, otherwise the measurement
period can be longer.

UE shall be able to measure PRS resources with multiple hops at least
over the BW of $\text{BW}_{\text{total}}$ defined as

$\text{BW}_{\text{total}} = min\left( \text{BW}_{\text{PRS}},N_{hop,i,j}*\text{BW}_{per - hop} - \left( N_{hop,i,j} - 1 \right)*\text{BW}_{\text{overlap}} \right)$
**,**

**where**

$\text{BW}_{\text{PRS}}$ is the minimum among:

\- configured PRS BW, and

\- UE capability of maximum PRS BW across all hops indicated via
*maximumPRS-BandwidthAcrossAllHopsFR1-r18* or
*maximumPRS-BandwidthAcrossAllHopsFR2-r18* as specified in \[34\], and

\- total BW of all hops requested by LMF via
*nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingTotalBandwidth-r18* as specified in \[34\],

$N_{hop,i,j}$ is number of hops within a single time window as define
above,

$\text{BW}_{\text{per} - \text{hop}}$ is the UE capability on PRS BW per
hop indicated via *supportedBandwidthPRS-r16* as specified in \[34\].

$\text{BW}_{\text{overlap}}$ is the UE capability on BW of the
overlapping RB indicated via *numOfOverlappingPRB-r18* as specified in
\[34\].

### 4.6.3 PRS-RSRP measurements for RedCap

#### 4.6.3.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 4.6.3 shall apply provided the RedCap UE has
received *a* message from LMF via LPP \[34\] requesting the RedCap UE to
measure and report PRS-RSRP measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\]. And
the RedCap UE is capable of supporting the PRS-RSRP measurement in RRC
IDLE state.

#### 4.6.3.2 Requirements applicability

The requirements in clause 4.6.3 apply for periodic and triggered
PRS-RSRP measurements, provided:

> \- PRS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.23.2 for FR1
> are met for a corresponding Band for 1 Rx RedCap UE.
>
> \- PRS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.23.2 for FR1
> and FR2 are met for a corresponding Band for 2 Rx RedCap UE.

#### 4.6.3.3 Measurement Capability

UE PRS-RSRP measurement capability is as indicated by the UE in
*NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities* according to TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 4.6.3.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. The UE will transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to
transmitting the measurement report.

For PRS-RSRP measurements performed by the UE in RRC\_IDLE state, the
measurement reporting delay excludes all of the following:

> \- any delay caused by other LPP signalling on the DCCH,
>
> \- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report
> in the TTI of the uplink DCCH which is equal to 2 x TTI~DCCH~ where
> TTI~DCCH~ is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the
> measurement report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot
> or subslot duration,
>
> \- any delay caused by no UL resources for UE to send the measurement
> report,
>
> \- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
> measurements.

The reported PRS-RSRP measurement values contained in measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clause 10.1.24.3.

The PRS-RSRP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1.24.2 for FR1 for 1 Rx RedCap UE.

The PRS-RSRP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1.24.2 for FR1 and FR2 for 2 Rx RedCap UE.

#### 4.6.3.5 Measurement Period Requirements without RX FH

When the physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF* via
LPP \[34\], and UE is not configured to perform measurement with RX FH,
the UE shall be able to measure multiple (up to the UE capability
specified in clause 4.6.3.3) PRS-RSRP measurements, defined in TS 38.215
\[4\], from configured PRS resources for configured TRPs on configured
positioning frequency layers, within $T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,total}}$.

$T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,\ total}} = \sum_{i = 1}^{L}{T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,i}} + \left( L - 1 \right)*\max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)}$

Where:

> *- i* is the index of positioning frequency layer,
>
> \- L is total number of positioning frequency layers,
>
> \- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS-RSRP measurement in
> positioning frequency layer *i*.

$T_{PRS - RSRP,i} = {\left( {{K_{\text{carrier}\_ PRS\_ RedCap}}_{i}*N}_{\text{RxBeam},i}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}}{N^{'}} \right\rceil\left\lceil \frac{L_{available\_ PRS,i}}{N} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T}_{effect,i} + \text{T}_{\text{last}}$

Where:

> \- $K_{{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap}_{i}}$ is a scaling factor for
> PRS-based NR positioning measurements in RRC\_IDLE. If the UE can
> perform RRM measurement and PRS measurement in parallel to each other,
> $K_{{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap}_{i}}$= 1. Otherwise,
>
> \- If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap} = K_{carrier\_ RedCap} + 1$, where
> $K_{carrier\_ RedCap}$ is defined in clause 4.2B.2.4.
>
> \- If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap} = N_{\text{layers}} + 1$, where N~layer~
> is defined in clause 4.2.2.7.
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}\ $is the scaling factor for Rx beam sweeping:

-   $N_{RxBeam,i}$=1 if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR1 or UE
    has only 1 Rx branch, and if positioning frequency layer *i* is in
    FR2 or UE has 2 Rx branches

> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
> *supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* if the capability is reported
> by the UE for the band containing positioning frequency layer i, and
> LMF indicates *lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in
> *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation*.
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to 8, otherwise.
>
> \- $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ is the time duration of available PRS to be
> measured in the positioning frequency layer i to be measured during
> $T_{PRS,i}$, and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K
> defined in clause 5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of
> $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$, only unmuted PRS resources that are not fully
> overlapped with other higher-priority DL signals/channels are
> considered.
>
> \- $N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS resources
> of positioning frequency layer i configured in a slot,
>
> \- $\{ N,T\}$ is UE capability combination per band where N is a
> duration of DL PRS symbols in ms corresponding to
> *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbols-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\] processed
> every T ms corresponding to
> *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17*in TS 37.355 \[34\] for
> a given maximum bandwidth supported by UE corresponding to
> *supportedBandwidthPRS* in TS 37.355 \[34\],
>
> \- $N’$ is UE capability for number of DL PRS resources that it can
> process in a slot as indicated by
> *maxNumOfDL-PRS-ResProcessedPerSlot-RRC-Inactive-r17* in clause 6.4.3
> of TS 37.355 \[34\],
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS-RSRP measurement samples
> and
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 1, if UE supports
> *supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
> indicates the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced
> number of samples by *reducedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples* \[34\], and the
> following conditions are met:
>
> \- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and
>
> \- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
> neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2, if UE supports
> *supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
> indicates the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced
> number of samples by *reducedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples* \[34\], and the
> following conditions are not met$:$
>
> \- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and
>
> \- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
> neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise
>
> $\text{T}_{\text{last}\text{,i}}$ *=* $T_{\text{i}}$
> *+*$T_{available\_ PRS\text{,i}}$ is the measurement duration for the
> last PRS-RSRP sample, including the sampling time and processing time,
>
> \-
> $T_{effect,i} = \ \left\lceil \frac{T_{i}}{T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}} \right\rceil*T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$
> is the periodicity of PRS-RSRP measurement in positioning frequency
> layer *i*,
>
> \- $T_{i}$ corresponds to
> *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\],
>
> \-
> $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}} = \text{LCM}\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
> the least common multiple between $T_{PRS,i}$ and $T_{\text{DRX}}$.
>
> \- $T_{PRS,i}$ is the maximum PRS resource periodicity among all PRS
> resources in positioning frequency layer i,
>
> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is the DRX cycle length if UE is not configured
> with eDRX. Otherwise, $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is defined as T in TS 38.304
> \[1\].

If positioning frequency layer *i* has more than one DL PRS resource set
with different PRS periodicities with muting,
${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}}*T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
the least common multiple of $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$
among the DL PRS resource sets is used to derive $T_{PRS,i}$, where:

\- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource sets
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*.

\- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
muting.
$N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}*L_{\text{muting}}$,
where $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*,
and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the size of the bitmap
$\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$.

If the following conditions are met, the time$\ T_{PRS - RSRP,Total}$
starts from the first DL PRS resource(s) instances inside a PTW after
both the *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation messages are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\]*.

\- UE is configured with CN eDRX \> 10.24 s, and

\- periodic PRS measurement reporting is configured, and

\- CN eDRX cycle is smaller or equal to the PRS measurement reporting
periodicity configured via higher layer parameter *reportingInterval* in
TS 37.355 \[34\], and

\- there is one or more PRS resources occurring in PTW.

Otherwise, the time$\ T_{PRS - RSRP,Total}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) after both the *NR-DL-TDOAProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation messages are delivered from LMF
to the UE via LPP \[34\].*

NOTE: No per-positioning frequency layer requirement is applied in
scenarios when multiple positioning frequency layers are configured.

*When the PRS-RSRP measurement is configured together with RSTD
measurement then the PRS-RSRP measurement shall meet the* RSTD
measurement requirements defined in clause 4.6.2.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource:

\- if the PRS resource is across two sampling duration of N within
duration $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ or

\- if time span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the
minimum number of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is
greater than UE reported capability N.

Longer PRS-RSRP measurement period is expected when there is
collision/overlap between other DL signals/channels and PRS resources in
RRC\_IDLE state.

The requirements in clause 4.6.3 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities, and
it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured, subject
to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the PRS-RSRP measurement period,
then the PRS-RSRP measurement period can be longer.

If cell reselection occurs while PRS-RSRP measurement is being
performed, then the UE shall continue and complete the on-going PRS-RSRP
measurement after the cell selection is completed. The PRS-RSRP
measurement period can be longer.

If the UE's RRC state changes from the RRC\_IDLE to RRC\_CONNECTED
during the PRS-RSRP measurement period, then the UE shall continue the
PRS-RSRP measurement in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The PRS-RSRP
measurement period can be longer.

#### 4.6.3.6 Measurement Period Requirements with RX FH

When physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData* message
and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF via LPP
\[34\], and UE is configured to perform PRS-RSRP measurement with RX FH
via nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingRequest-r18 as defined in TS 37.355 \[34\], the
UE shall be able to measure multiple (up to the UE capability specified
in* clause *4.6.3.3) PRS-RSRP measurements, defined in TS 38.215 \[4\]*,
during the measurement period $T_{PRS - RSRP,Total}$ defined in clause
4.6.3.5 with using the following definition for $N_{\text{sample}}$ and
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$.

> $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS-RSRP measurement samples,
> where
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the RedCap UE supports
> *reducedNumOfSampleForMeasurementWithFH-RRC-IdleAndInactive* \[34\],
> and the LMF requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with
> reduced number of samples.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise.

A measurement sample under RX FH is defined as a PRS measurement over
multiple hops.

$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ *is the time duration of available PRS in the
positioning frequency layer i to be measured, and is calculated by:*

$L_{\text{available}\_ PRS,i} = \ \sum_{j = 1}^{J}{N_{hop,i,j}*L_{per - hop,i,j}}$
,

where,

\- $N_{hop,i,j}$ is the number of hops that UE can perform within a time
window occasion *j* as defined in the following, and

\- $L_{per - hop,i,j}$ is the time duration of available PRS resources
in the positioning frequency layer *i* in each hop to be measured in
time window occasion *j* during $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$,
and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined in clause
5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. *For calculation of* $L_{per - hop,i,j}$*,*
only unmuted PRS resources that are not fully overlapped with other
higher-priority DL signals/channels are considered;

\- *J* is the number of time window occasions during
$T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$.

*The sampling duration per hop is the first* $T_{\text{sample},hop}$
*symbols in each hop, where*
$T_{\text{sample},hop} = \ T_{\text{hop}} - \text{RR}T_{\text{FH}}$,
$T_{\text{hop}}$ is the applicable length per hop as defined in table
4.6.3.6-1, and $\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}}$ is the retuning time between Rx
hops indicated by UE in *rf-RxRetuneTimeFR1 or rf-RxRetuneTimeFR2* via
*NR-DL-PRS-ProcessingCapability* \[34\]. The first hop starts at no
earlier than the earliest arrival time of the first unmuted PRS resource
fully or partially overlapped with the measurement time window, defined
in clause 4.6.1, taking into account the *expectedRSTD* and
*expectedRSTD-uncertainty* in the PRS assistance data.

Table 4.6.3.6-1: Applicable number of hops per slot and applicable
length of each hop

  $$\mathbf{\text{RR}}\mathbf{T}_{\mathbf{\text{FH}}}$$                     (comb size, Number of PRS symbols)                                   Applicable number of hops per slot$\mathbf{\ }\left( \mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{\text{hops}}}^{\mathbf{\text{slot}}} \right)$   Applicable length per hop ($\mathbf{T}_{\mathbf{\text{per}}\mathbf{-}\mathbf{\text{hop}}}$) in number of symbols
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  $$\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} \leq 2\ \text{symbols}$$                         (2, 12) with SCS 15 kHz, 30 kHz in FR1, and 60 kHz, 120 kHz in FR2   2                                                                                                                        7
                                                                            All others                                                           1                                                                                                                        14
  $$2\ \text{symbols}\  < \text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} \leq 6\ \text{symbols}$$   (≤ 6, any)                                                           1                                                                                                                        14
                                                                            (12, 12)                                                             ½                                                                                                                        28
  $$\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} > 6\ \text{symbols}$$                            Any combination                                                      ½                                                                                                                        28

The number of hops within a single time window $N_{\text{hop}}$ is
defined as

$N_{hop,i,j} = \min\left( N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j},{\left\lfloor \frac{{N3}_{i}}{L_{per - hop,i,j}} \right\rfloor,N}_{\text{hop},max,i} \right)$
,

where

\- $N_{hop,max,i}$ is the maximum number of Rx hops signaled by UE in
*maximumFH-Hops* via *NR-DL-PRS-ProcessingCapability* for positioning
frequency layer *i* as specified in \[34\].

\- ${N3}_{i}$ is indicated via UE capability
*processingPRS-SymbolsDurationN3-r18* for positioning frequency layer
*i.*

\- $N_{hops,effect,i,j}$ is the effective number of Rx hops within a
single time window occasion *j*,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = 2*N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 2,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1/2 and $M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$
\>1,

\-
$N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = \left\lfloor \frac{\left( N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} - 1 \right)}{2} \right\rfloor + 1$,
if $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1/2 and
$M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$ =1,

\- where $N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}\ $is the number of inter-slot PRS
repetitions within a single time window, which are unmuted and fully or
partially overlapped with the sampling duration within each hop.
$M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the PRS repetition interval configured
by *dl-PRS-ResourceTimeGap*, $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ is the
applicable number of hops per slot as defined in table 4.6.3.6-1.

The measurement period requirement with the above modifications applies
provided all PRS resources in each PFL have the same number of PRS
repetitions $\left( N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} \right)$ within a time
window instance and the same PRS repetition interval
$\left( M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} \right)$, otherwise the measurement
period can be longer.

UE shall be able to measure PRS resources with multiple hops at least
over the BW of $\text{BW}_{\text{total}}$ defined as

$\text{BW}_{\text{total}} = min\left( \text{BW}_{\text{PRS}},N_{hop,i,j}*\text{BW}_{per - hop} - \left( N_{hop,i,j} - 1 \right)*\text{BW}_{\text{overlap}} \right)$
**,**

**where**

$\text{BW}_{\text{PRS}}$ is the minimum among:

\- configured PRS BW, and

\- UE capability of maximum PRS BW across all hops indicated via
*maximumPRS-BandwidthAcrossAllHopsFR1-r18* or
*maximumPRS-BandwidthAcrossAllHopsFR2-r18* as specified in \[34\], and

\- total BW of all hops requested by LMF via
*nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingTotalBandwidth-r18* as specified in \[34\]*.*

$N_{hop,i,j}$ is number of hops within a single time window as defined
above.

$\text{BW}_{\text{per} - \text{hop}}$ is the UE capability on PRS BW per
hop indicated via *supportedBandwidthPRS-r16* as specified in \[34\]*.*

> $\text{BW}_{\text{overlap}}$ is the UE capability on BW of the
> overlapping PRB indicated via *numOfOverlappingPRB-r18* as specified
> in \[34\].

### 4.6.4 PRS-RSRPP measurements for RedCap

#### 4.6.4.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 4.6.4 shall apply provided the UE has
received a message from LMF via LPP requesting the UE to measure and
report PRS-RSRPP measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\] and the UE can
support the PRS-RSRPP measurement in RRC\_IDLE state.

#### 4.6.4.2 Requirements Applicability

The requirements in clause 4.6.4 apply for periodic and triggered
PRS-RSRPP measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSRPP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.24.2 for FR1
are met for a corresponding Band for 1Rx RedCap UE.

\- PRS-RSRPP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.24.2 for FR1
and FR2 are met for a corresponding Band for 2Rx RedCap UE.

#### 4.6.4.3 Measurement Capability

UE PRS-RSRPP measurement capability is as indicated by the UE in
*NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities* according to TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 4.6.4.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. The UE will transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to
transmitting the measurement report.

For PRS-RSRPP measurements performed by the UE in RRC\_IDLE state, the
measurement reporting delay excludes all of the following:

\- any delay caused by other LPP signalling on the DCCH,

\- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report in
the TTI of the uplink DCCH which is equal to 2 x TTI~DCCH~ where
TTI~DCCH~ is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the
measurement report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or
subslot duration,

\- any delay caused by no UL resources for UE to send the measurement
report,

\- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

The reported PRS-RSRPP measurement values contained in measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clause 10.1.38.3.

The PRS-RSRPP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1.38.2 for FR1 for 1 Rx RedCap UE.

The PRS-RSRPP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1.38.2 for FR1 and FR2 for 2 Rx RedCap UE.

#### 4.6.4.5 Measurement Period Requirements without RX FH

When the physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF via
LPP \[34\], and the PRS-RSRPP measurement is performed in RRC\_IDLE
state*, measurement period requirements for PRS-RSRP defined in clause
4.6.3.5 is re-used for PRS-RSRPP measurement.

#### 4.6.4.6 Measurement Period Requirements with RX FH

When the physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF via
LPP \[34\], requesting RedCap UE to measure DL PRS-RSRPP measurement
with FH via nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingRequest-r18,* measurement period
requirements defined in clause 4.6.3.6 apply.

4.7 Measurement report for fast CA/DC setup
-------------------------------------------

### 4.7.1 Introduction

The requirements of measurement report for fast CA/DC setup apply in
this clause for:

\- UE supporting *measValidationReportEMR-r18* and configured with
*measIdleCarrierListNR-r16* and/or *measIdleCarrierListEUTRA-r16* by
higher layers.

\- UE supporting *measValidationReportReselectionMeasurements-r18* and
configured with *measReselectionCarrierListNR-r18* by higher layers.

A UE supporting *measValidationReportEMR-r18* and
*idleInactiveNR-MeasReport-r16* or *idleInactiveEUTRA-MeasReport-r16*
shall report the results of the idle mode measurement which is specified
in clause 4.4, and according to the measurement reporting requirements
specified in clause 4.7.3.

A UE supporting *measValidationReportReselectionMeasurements-r18* shall
report the results of the idle mode measurement specified in the clause
4.2.2, and according to the measurement reporting requirements specified
in the clause 4.7.3.

UE is not required to report for fast CA/DC setup from any measurements
during IDLE mode for carriers which are not configured by higher layers.

### 4.7.2 Void

### 4.7.3 Measurement Report Requirements

A UE shall perform validity check and report valid measurement results:

\- if the UE supports *measValidationReportEMR-r18* and
*measIdleValidityDuration-r18* is configured for carriers in
*measIdleCarrierListNR-r16* or *measIdleCarrierListEUTRA-r16*,

\- if the UEsupports *measValidationReportReselectionMeasurements-r18*
and *measReselectionValidityDuration-r18* is configured for carriers in
*measReselectionCarrierListNR-r18*

The measurement results are considered valid if the following conditions
are met for the validity check:

\- the measurements are performed before msg1 transmission for RRC
resume/setup request within the last:

\- measIdleValidityDuration-r18 seconds for carriers configured in
measIdleCarrierListNR-r16 or measIdleCarrierListEUTRA-r16, and/or

\- *measReselectionValidityDuration-r18* seconds for carriers configured
in *measReselectionCarrierListNR-r18*,

\- the measurement results satisfy measurement accuracy requirement at
the measurement instance.

Otherwise, the measurement results are considered invalid. The UE shall
not report invalid measurement results when
*measIdleValidityDuration-r18* and/or
*measReselectionValidityDuration-r18* is configured.

If the *measIdleValidityDuration-r18* is not configured, the UE is not
required to perform validity check for carriers in
*measIdleCarrierListNR-r16* and *measIdleCarrierListEUTRA-r16,* and the
UE may report measurement results given the measurement results satisfy
measurement accuracy requirement at the measurement instance.

If the *measReselectionValidityDuration-r18* is not configured, the UE
is not required to perform validity check for carriers configured in
*measReselectionCarrierListNR-r18,* and the UE may report measurement
results given the measurement results satisfy measurement accuracy
requirement at the measurement instance.

RSRP, RSRQ measurements contained in the measurement reports shall meet
the corresponding accuracy requirements at the measurement instance
specified in the clauses 10.1.2B, 10.1.3B, 10.1.4B, 10.1.5B, 10.1.7B,
10.1.8B, 10.1.9B, 10.1.10B.

5 SA: RRC\_INACTIVE state mobility
==================================

5.1 Cell Re-selection
---------------------

### 5.1.1 Introduction

The cell reselection procedure allows the UE to select a more suitable
cell and camp on it.

When the UE is in *Camped Normally* state on a cell, the UE shall
attempt to detect, synchronise, and monitor intra-frequency,
inter-frequency and inter-RAT cells indicated by the serving cell. For
intra-frequency and inter-frequency cells the serving cell may provide
explicit neighbour list, or only carrier frequency information and
bandwidth information. UE measurement activity is also controlled by
measurement rules defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], allowing the UE to limit
its measurement activity. For inter-frequency cell re-selection, when
NTN carrier is not configured, requirements in clause 5.1.2.4 apply and
when NTN carrier is configured, requirements in clause 5.1.2.8 shall be
applied.

### 5.1.2 Requirements

#### 5.1.2.1 UE measurement capability

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.1 shall apply.

#### 5.1.2.2 Measurement and evaluation of serving cell

The requirements in this clause apply when UE is configured with
eDRX\_IDLE, otherwise the requirements in clause 4.2.2.2 shall apply.

When UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and UE is not configured with eDRX
by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* or *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is
not signalled in SIB1, the UE shall measure the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ
level of the serving cell and evaluate the cell selection criterion S
defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] for the serving cell at least once every M1\*
T for FR1 and N1\*T for FR2; where:

\- T is determined according to clause 7.1 in \[1\],

\- M1=2 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and T ≤ 0.64 second,
otherwise M1=1.

When UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and eDRX by
*ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* and *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is
signalled in SIB1, within a single eDRX INACTIVE PTW, the UE shall
measure the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ level of the serving cell and evaluate
the cell selection criterion S defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] for the
serving cell at least once every M1\* T for FR1 and N1\*T for FR2;
where:

\- T is determined according to clause 7.1 in \[1\],

\- M1=2 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and T ≤ 0.64 second,
otherwise M1=1.

The UE shall filter the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the serving
cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used
for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by, at
least T/2.

If UE is not configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18*
or *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is not signalled in SIB1 and the UE has
evaluated according to table 5.1.2.2-1 or table 5.1.2.2-2 in N~serv~
consecutive T cycles that the serving cell does not fulfil the cell
selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate the measurements of all
neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell, regardless of the
measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement activities.

If UE is configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* and
*eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is signalled in SIB1 and the UE has evaluated
according to table 5.1.2.2-3 or table 5.1.2.2-4 in N~serv~ consecutive T
within a single eDRX INACTIVE PTW that the serving cell does not fulfil
the cell selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate the measurements
of all neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell, regardless of the
measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement activities.

Table 5.1.2.2-1: N~serv~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
(Frequency range FR1)

+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE cycle | DRX or eDRX      | T \[s\] | N~serv~ \[number |
| length \[s\]     | INACTIVE cycle   |         | of T \]          |
|                  | length\[s\]      |         |                  |
+==================+==================+=========+==================+
| 2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE | 0.32             | 0.32    | 4\*M1            |
| cycle length     | ≤DRX\_Inactive   |         |                  |
| ≤10485.76        | cycle length     |         |                  |
|                  | ≤2.56; or        |         |                  |
|                  |                  |         |                  |
|                  | 2.56             |         |                  |
|                  | ≤eDRX\_Inactive  |         |                  |
|                  | cycle length     |         |                  |
|                  | ≤10.24 if        |         |                  |
|                  | inactive eDRX is |         |                  |
|                  | configured       |         |                  |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
|                  |                  | 0.64    | 4\*M1            |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
|                  |                  | 1.28    | 2                |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
|                  |                  | 2.56    | 2                |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
|                  |                  | 5.12    | 2                |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
|                  |                  | 10.24   | 2                |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
| NOTE1: T is      |                  |         |                  |
| determined       |                  |         |                  |
| according to     |                  |         |                  |
| clause 7.1 in    |                  |         |                  |
| \[1\].           |                  |         |                  |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+

Table 5.1.2.2-2: N~serv~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
(Frequency range FR2)

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE   | DRX or eDRX  | T \[s\] | Scaling      | N~serv~      |
| cycle length | INACTIVE     |         | Factor (N1)  | \[number of  |
| \[s\]        | cycle        |         |              | T\]          |
|              | length\[s\]  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| 2.56         | 0.32         | 0.32    | 8            | 4\* N1       |
| ≤eDRX\_IDLE  | ≤D           |         |              |              |
| cycle length | RX\_Inactive |         |              |              |
| ≤10485.76    | cycle length |         |              |              |
|              | ≤2.56; or    |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | 2.56         |         |              |              |
|              | ≤eD          |         |              |              |
|              | RX\_Inactive |         |              |              |
|              | cycle length |         |              |              |
|              | ≤10.24 if    |         |              |              |
|              | inactive     |         |              |              |
|              | eDRX is      |         |              |              |
|              | configured   |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | 0.64    | 5            | 4\* N1       |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | 1.28    | 4            | 2\* N1       |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | 2.56    | 3            | 2\* N1       |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | 5.12    | 3            | 2\* N1       |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | 10.24   | 3            | 2\* N1       |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE1: T is  |              |         |              |              |
| determined   |              |         |              |              |
| according to |              |         |              |              |
| clause 7.1   |              |         |              |              |
| in \[1\].    |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

Table 5.1.2.2-3: N~serv~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle, (Frequency range FR1)

+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE cycle | T \[s\] | eDRX INACTIVE    | N~serv~ \[number |
| and eDRX         |         | PTW length \[s\] | of T ^Note\ 3^\] |
| INACTIVE cycle   |         | (***number of    |                  |
| length \[s\]     |         | 1.28 s           |                  |
|                  |         | periods***)      |                  |
+==================+=========+==================+==================+
| 20.48 ≤          | 0.32    | ≥ 1.28 (1)       | M1\*2            |
| eDRX\_IDLE cycle |         |                  |                  |
| length ≤10485.76 |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| 20.48 ≤          |         |                  |                  |
| eDRX\_INACTIVE   |         |                  |                  |
| cycle length     |         |                  |                  |
| ≤10485.76        |         |                  |                  |
+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+
|                  | 0.64    | ≥ 1.28 (1)       | M1\*2            |
|                  |         | (M1=1) or\       |                  |
|                  |         | ≥ 2.56 (2)       |                  |
|                  |         | (M1=2)           |                  |
+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+
|                  | 1.28    | ≥2.56 (2)        | 2                |
+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+
|                  | 2.56    | ≥5.12 (4)        | 2                |
+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+
| NOTE 1: eDRX     |         |                  |                  |
| INACTIVE PTW in  |         |                  |                  |
| this table is    |         |                  |                  |
| RAN configured   |         |                  |                  |
| PTW.             |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| NOTE 2: N~serv~  |         |                  |                  |
| requirements are |         |                  |                  |
| only defined     |         |                  |                  |
| within a single  |         |                  |                  |
| eDRX INACTIVE    |         |                  |                  |
| PTW duration.    |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| NOTE 3: T is     |         |                  |                  |
| determined       |         |                  |                  |
| according to     |         |                  |                  |
| clause 7.1 in    |         |                  |                  |
| \[1\].           |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| NOTE 4: The      |         |                  |                  |
| eDRX\_INACTIVE   |         |                  |                  |
| cycle lengths    |         |                  |                  |
| are as specified |         |                  |                  |
| in section       |         |                  |                  |
| 10.5.5.32 of TS  |         |                  |                  |
| 24.008 \[42\].   |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| NOTE 5: The      |         |                  |                  |
| lower bound of   |         |                  |                  |
| *PTW length is   |         |                  |                  |
| derived based    |         |                  |                  |
| on*              |         |                  |                  |
| $\left\lce       |         |                  |                  |
| il \frac{\text{N |         |                  |                  |
| serv}\ *DRX\_ cy |         |                  |                  |
| cle}{1.28} \righ |         |                  |                  |
| t\rceil*1.28$*.* |         |                  |                  |
+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+

Table 5.1.2.2-4: N~serv~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle, (Frequency range FR2)

+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE   | T \[s\] | eDRX         | Scaling      | N~serv~      |
| cycle and    |         | INACTIVE PTW | Factor (N1)  | \[number of  |
| eDRX         |         | length \[s\] |              | T            |
| INACTIVE     |         | (***number   |              | ^Note\ 3^\]  |
| cycle length |         | of 1.28 s    |              |              |
| \[s\]        |         | periods***)  |              |              |
+==============+=========+==============+==============+==============+
| 20.48 ≤      | 0.32    | ≥5.12 (4)    | 8            | N1\*2        |
| eDRX\_IDLE   |         |              |              |              |
| cycle length |         |              |              |              |
| ≤10485.76    |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| 20.48 ≤      |         |              |              |              |
| eD           |         |              |              |              |
| RX\_INACTIVE |         |              |              |              |
| cycle length |         |              |              |              |
| ≤10485.76    |         |              |              |              |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
|              | 0.64    | ≥6.4 (5)     | 5            | N1\*2        |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
|              | 1.28    | ≥10.24 (8)   | 4            | N1\*2        |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
|              | 2.56    | ≥15.36 (12)  | 3            | N1\*2        |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1:      |         |              |              |              |
| Applies for  |         |              |              |              |
| UE of all    |         |              |              |              |
| FR2 power    |         |              |              |              |
| class.       |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 2: eDRX |         |              |              |              |
| INACTIVE PTW |         |              |              |              |
| in this      |         |              |              |              |
| table is RAN |         |              |              |              |
| configured   |         |              |              |              |
| PTW.         |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 3:      |         |              |              |              |
| N~serv~      |         |              |              |              |
| requirements |         |              |              |              |
| are only     |         |              |              |              |
| defined      |         |              |              |              |
| within a     |         |              |              |              |
| single eDRX  |         |              |              |              |
| INACTIVE PTW |         |              |              |              |
| duration.    |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 4: T is |         |              |              |              |
| determined   |         |              |              |              |
| according to |         |              |              |              |
| clause 7.1   |         |              |              |              |
| in \[1\].    |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 5: The  |         |              |              |              |
| eD           |         |              |              |              |
| RX\_INACTIVE |         |              |              |              |
| cycle        |         |              |              |              |
| lengths are  |         |              |              |              |
| as specified |         |              |              |              |
| in section   |         |              |              |              |
| 10.5.5.32 of |         |              |              |              |
| TS 24.008    |         |              |              |              |
| \[42\].      |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 6: The  |         |              |              |              |
| lower bound  |         |              |              |              |
| of *PTW      |         |              |              |              |
| length is    |         |              |              |              |
| derived      |         |              |              |              |
| based on*    |         |              |              |              |
| $\           |         |              |              |              |
| left\lceil \ |         |              |              |              |
| frac{\text{N |         |              |              |              |
| serv}\ *DRX\ |         |              |              |              |
| _ cycle}{1.2 |         |              |              |              |
| 8} \right\rc |         |              |              |              |
| eil*1.28$*.* |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| *NOTE 7:     |         |              |              |              |
| When         |         |              |              |              |
| eDRX=20.48 s |         |              |              |              |
| and DRX=0.32 |         |              |              |              |
| s, UE is     |         |              |              |              |
| allowed to   |         |              |              |              |
| perform cell |         |              |              |              |
| evaluation   |         |              |              |              |
| within PTW   |         |              |              |              |
| in every 2   |         |              |              |              |
| eDRX         |         |              |              |              |
| cycles.*     |         |              |              |              |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+

If UE is not configured with eDRX\_INACTIVE ≥ 20.48 s, when UE
transitions from measurements within eDRX\_IDLE PTW to measurements
outside eDRX\_IDLE PTW or vice versa during one measurement period, the
UE measurement requirements apply based on the longer measurement period
requirements before or after the transition.

When the UE transitions between any two states when changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle length, INACTIVE RAN DRX length or
changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the transition
requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the two
requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

If the UE in RRC\_INACTIVE has not found any new suitable cell based on
searches and measurements using the intra-frequency, inter-frequency and
inter-RAT information indicated in the system information during the
time T', the UE shall initiate cell selection procedures for the
selected PLMN as defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], where:

\- T'= 10 s, if the UE is not configured with eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle, or

\- T'= MAX (10 s, one eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle) if the UE is configured with
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle for FR1, or

\- T'= MAX (10 s, N1\* eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle) if the UE is configured
with eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle for FR2.

#### 5.1.2.3 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells

The requirements in this clause apply when UE is configured with
eDRX\_IDLE, otherwise the requirements in clause 4.2.2.3 shall apply.
The requirements in clause 4.2.2.9 apply for UE configured with relaxed
measurement criterion when UE is not configured with eDRX\_IDLE.

When UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and UE is not configured with eDRX
by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* or *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is
not signalled in SIB1, the requirements defined in section 4.2.2.3 shall
apply with T~detect,NR\_Intra,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ defined in table 5.1.2.3-1 and table 5.1.2.3-2.

When UE is configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18*
and *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is signalled in SIB1, the requirements
defined in section 4.2.2.3 shall apply with T~detect,NR\_Intra,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ defined in table
5.1.2.3-3 and table 5.1.2.3-4.

Table 5.1.2.3-1: T~detect,\ NR\_Intra~, T~measure,\ NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,\ NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
(Frequency range FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                    DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycle length \[s\]   T~detect,NR\_Intra~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Intra~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ \[s\] (number of DRX or INACTIVE eDRX cycles)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76                                                         0.32                                      11.52 x M2 (36 x M2)                                                1.28 x M2 (4 x M2)                                                   5.12 x M2 (16 x M2)
                                                                                                   0.64                                      17.92 (28)                                                          1.28 (2)                                                             5.12 (8)
                                                                                                   1.28                                      32 (25)                                                             1.28 (1)                                                             6.4 (5)
                                                                                                   2.56                                      58.88 (23)                                                          2.56 (1)                                                             7.68 (3)
                                                                                                   5.12                                      117.76 (23)                                                         5.12 (1)                                                             15.36 (3)
                                                                                                   10.24                                     235.52 (23)                                                         10.24 (1)                                                            30.72 (3)
  NOTE1: M2 = 1.5 if SMTC periodicity of measured intra-frequency cell \> 20 ms; otherwise M2=1.                                                                                                                                                                                      

Table 5.1.2.3-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,\ NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
(Frequency range FR2)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                    DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycle length \[s\]   Scaling Factor (N1)   T~detect,NR\_Intra~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Intra~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------- --------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76                                                         0.32                                      8                     11.52 x N1 x M2 (36 x N1 x M2)                                      1.28 x N1 x M2 (4 x N1 x M2)                                         5.12 x N1 x M2 (16 x N1 x M2)
                                                                                                   0.64                                      5                     17.92x N1 (28 x N1)                                                 1.28 x N1 (2 x N1)                                                   5.12 x N1 (8 x N1)
                                                                                                   1.28                                      4                     32 x N1 (25 x N1)                                                   1.28 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                   6.4 x N1 (5 x N1)
                                                                                                   2.56                                      3                     58.88 x N1 (23 x N1)                                                2.56 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                   7.68 x N1 (3 x N1)
                                                                                                   5.12                                      3                     117.76 x N1 (23 x N1)                                               5.12 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                   15.36 x N1 (3 x N1)
                                                                                                   10.24                                     3                     235.52 x N1 (23 x N1)                                               10.24 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                  30.72 x N1 (3 x N1)
  NOTE1: M2 = 1.5 if SMTC periodicity of measured intra-frequency cell \> 20 ms; otherwise M2=1.                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Table 5.1.2.3-3: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle, (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | RANDRX   | eDRX     | T~d      | T~me     | T~eva    |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | INA      | etect,NR | asure,NR | luate,NR |
| cycle    | length   | CTIVEPTW | \_Intra~ | \_Intra~ | \_Intra~ |
| and eDRX | \[s\]    | length   | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
| INACTIVE |          | \[s\]    | (number  | (number  | (number  |
| cycle    |          | (number  | of RAN   | of RAN   | of RAN   |
| length   |          | of 1.28  | DRX      | DRX      | DRX      |
| \[s\]    |          | s        | cycles)  | cycles   | cycles   |
|          |          | periods) |          | ^N       | ^N       |
|          |          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥        | $$       | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | \[1.28\] | \text{eD | M2 (1 x  | M2 (2 x  |
| RX\_IDLE |          | (\[1\])  | RX}\_\te | M2)      | M2)      |
| cycle    |          |          | xt{cycl} |          |          |
| length   |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          | th \time |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | s \left\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | lceil \f |          |          |
| 20.48 ≤  |          |          | rac{23}{ |          |          |
| eDRX\_   |          |          | PTW/DRX\ |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          | _ cycle\ |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          | _ length |          |          |
| length   |          |          | } \right |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          | \rceil$$ |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | \(23\)   |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥        |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | \[1.28\] |          |          |          |
|          |          | (\[1\])  |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥        |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | \[2.56\] |          |          |          |
|          |          | (\[2\])  |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥        |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | \[5.12\] |          |          |          |
|          |          | (\[4\])  |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle in |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| specific |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| value    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| by RRC   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of RAN   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW.     |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,NR\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Intra* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 6:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 2   |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.1.2.3-4: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle, (Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | RAN DRX | eDRX    | Scaling | T~det   | T~meas  | T~evalu |
| X\_IDLE | length  | INAC    | Factor  | ect,NR\ | ure,NR\ | ate,NR\ |
| cycle   | \[s\]   | TIVEPTW | (N1)    | _Intra~ | _Intra~ | _Intra~ |
| and     |         | length  |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
| eDRX    |         | \[s\]   |         | (number | (number | (number |
| I       |         | (number |         | of RAN  | of RAN  | of RAN  |
| NACTIVE |         | of 1.28 |         | DRX     | DRX     | DRX     |
| cycle   |         | s       |         | cycles) | cycles  | cycles  |
| length  |         | p       |         |         | ^No     | ^No     |
| \[s\]   |         | eriods) |         |         | te\ 5^) | te\ 5^) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 2.56    | 0.32    | ≥5.12   | 8       | $$\t    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| ≤eDR    |         | (4)     |         | ext{eDR | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | X}\_\te | N1)     | N1)     |
| cycle   |         |         |         | xt{cycl |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | }e\_ le |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | ngth \t |         |         |
| 1       |         |         |         | imes \l |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         | eft\lce |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | il \fra |         |         |
| 20.48 ≤ |         |         |         | c{23 \t |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         | imes N1 |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         | }{PTW/D |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         | RX\_ cy |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | cle\_ l |         |         |
| ≤1      |         |         |         | ength}  |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         | \right\ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | rceil$$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥6.4    | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (5)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥10.24  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (8)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | ≥15.36  | 3       |         | 2.56 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         | (12)    |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pecific |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| value   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| by RRC  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[1\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of all  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| I       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| this    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of *PTW |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on*     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\l     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eft\lce |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| il \fra |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c{Teval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uate,NR |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ Intr |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| a*DRX\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  cycle} |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {1.28}  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \right\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rceil*1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .28$*.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *7:*    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *When   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X=20.48 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s and   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| D       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RX=0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| allowed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| perform |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| every 2 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ycles.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

When the UE transitions between any two states when changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle length, INACTIVE RAN DRX length or
changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the transition
requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the two
requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 5.1.2.4 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells

When UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and UE is not configured with eDRX
by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* or *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is
not signalled in SIB1, the requirements defined in section 4.2.2.4 shall
apply with T~detect,NR\_Inter,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ defined in table 5.1.2.4-1 and table 5.1.2.4-2,
and with K~carrier~ defined as follows.

When UE is configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18*
and *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is signalled in SIB1, the requirements
defined in section 4.2.2.4 shall apply with T~detect,NR\_Inter,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ defined in table
5.1.2.4-3 and table 5.1.2.4-4.

Table 5.1.2.4-1: T~detect,NR\_Inter~, T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
(Frequency range FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]              DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycle length \[s\]   T~detect,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)
  ------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76   0.32                                      11.52 x 1.5 (36 x 1.5)                                              1.28 x 1.5 (4 x 1.5)                                                 5.12 x 1.5 (16 x 1.5)
                                             0.64                                      17.92 (28)                                                          1.28 (2)                                                             5.12 (8)
                                             1.28                                      32 (25)                                                             1.28 (1)                                                             6.4 (5)
                                             2.56                                      58.88 (23)                                                          2.56 (1)                                                             7.68 (3)
                                             5.12                                      117.76 (23)                                                         5.12 (1)                                                             15.36 (3)
                                             10.24                                     235.52(23)                                                          10.24 (1)                                                            30.72 (3)

Table 5.1.2.4-2: T~detect,NR\_Inter~, T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
(Frequency range FR2)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]              DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycle length \[s\]   Scaling Factor (N1)   T~detect,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)
  ------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------- --------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76   0.32                                      8                     11.52 x N1 x 1.5 (36 x N1 x 1.5)                                    1.28 x N1 x 1.5 (4 x N1 x 1.5)                                       5.12 x N1 x 1.5 (16 x N1 x 1.5)
                                             0.64                                      5                     17.92x N1 (28 x N1)                                                 1.28 x N1 (2 x N1)                                                   5.12 x N1 (8 x N1)
                                             1.28                                      4                     32 x N1 (25 x N1)                                                   1.28 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                   6.4 x N1 (5 x N1)
                                             2.56                                      3                     58.88 x N1 (23 x N1)                                                2.56 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                   7.68 x N1 (3 x N1)
                                             5.12                                      3                     117.76 x N1 (23 x N1)                                               5.12 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                   15.36 x N1 (3 x N1)
                                             10.24                                     3                     235.52 x N1 (23 x N1)                                               10.24 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                  30.72 x N1 (3 x N1)

Table 5.1.2.4-3: T~detect,NR\_Inter,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | RAN DRX  | eDRX     | T~d      | T~me     | T~eva    |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | INACTIVE | etect,NR | asure,NR | luate,NR |
| cycle    | length   | PTW      | \_Inter~ | \_Inter~ | \_Inter~ |
| and      | \[s\]    | length   | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          | \[s\]    | (number  | (number  | (number  |
| eDRX\_   |          | (number  | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
| INACTIVE |          | of 1.28  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  |
| cycle    |          | s        | INACTIVE | INACTIVE | INACTIVE |
| length   |          | periods) | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |
| \[s\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48≤eD | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | $$       | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| RX\_IDLE |          | (1)      | \text{eD | 1.5 (1 x | 1.5 (2 x |
| cycle    |          |          | RX}\_\te | 1.5)     | 1.5)     |
| length ≤ |          |          | xt{cycl} |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th \time |          |          |
| 20.48    |          |          | s \left\ |          |          |
| ≤eDRX\_  |          |          | lceil \f |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          | rac{23}{ |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          | PTW/DRX\ |          |          |
| length ≤ |          |          | _ cycle\ |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | _ length |          |          |
|          |          |          | } \right |          |          |
|          |          |          | \rceil$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | \(23\)   |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | (2)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | (4)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle in |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| specific |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| value    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| by RRC   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of RAN   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW      |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX\_   |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 6:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,NR\ |          |          |          |          |          |
| _ Inter* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.1.2.4-4: T~detect,NR\_Inter,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle (Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | RAN DRX | eDRX    | Scaling | T~det   | T~meas  | T~evalu |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | I       | Factor  | ect,NR\ | ure,NR\ | ate,NR\ |
| cycle   | length  | NACTIVE | (N1)    | _Inter~ | _Inter~ | _Inter~ |
| and     | \[s\]   | PTW     | ^Note1^ | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | \[s\]   |
|         |         | length  |         | (number | (number | (number |
| eDRX\_I |         | \[s\]   |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | of DRX  |
| NACTIVE |         | (number |         | or eDRX | or eDRX | or eDRX |
| cycle   |         | of 1.28 |         | I       | I       | I       |
| length  |         | s       |         | NACTIVE | NACTIVE | NACTIVE |
| \[s\]   |         | p       |         | cycles) | cycles) | cycles) |
|         |         | eriods) |         |         |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20      | 0.32    | ≥5.12   | 8       | $$\t    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| .48≤eDR |         | (4)     |         | ext{eDR | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | X}\_\te | N1)     | N1)     |
| cycle   |         |         |         | xt{cycl |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | }e\_ le |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | ngth \t |         |         |
| 1       |         |         |         | imes \l |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         | eft\lce |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | il \fra |         |         |
| 20.48   |         |         |         | c{23 \t |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | imes N1 |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         | }{PTW/D |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         | RX\_ cy |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         | cle\_ l |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | ength}  |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | \right\ |         |         |
| 1       |         |         |         | rceil$$ |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥6.4    | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (5)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥10.24  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (8)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | ≥15.36  | 3       |         | 2.56 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         | (12)    |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of all  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of *PTW |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on*     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\l     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eft\lce |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| il \fra |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c{Teval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uate,NR |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_ Inte |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| r*DRX\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  cycle} |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {1.28}  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \right\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rceil*1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .28$*.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *5:*    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *When   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX\_  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| INACTIV |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| E=20.48 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s and   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| D       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RX=0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| allowed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| perform |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| every 2 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_I     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ycles.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pecific |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| value   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| by RRC  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[1\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 8: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| I       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| this    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[1\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

When the UE transitions between any two states when being configured
with eDRX\_INACTIVE, being configured with eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle,
changing eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle length, or changing PTW configuration, the
UE shall meet the transition requirement, which is the less stringent
requirement of the two requirements corresponding to the first state and
the second state, during the transition time interval which is the time
corresponding to the transition requirement. After the transition time
interval, the UE shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second
state.

If UE is not configured to perform PRS measurement, or if UE is
configured to perform PRS measurement and supports
*parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, K~carrier~ in clause 4.2.2.4 shall
apply regardless of whether the serving cell is subject to CCA or not.

If UE is configured to perform PRS measurement but does not support
*parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, K~carrier~ is replaced with
K~carrier~ + 1, regardless of whether the serving cell is subject to CCA
or not.

If UE is not configured to perform PRS measurement, or if UE is
configured to perform PRS measurement and supports
*parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, the requirements in clause 4.2.2.10
shall apply regardless of whether the serving cell is subject to CCA or
not for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion.

If UE is configured to perform PRS measurement but does not support
*parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, the requirements in clause 4.2.2.10
shall apply with K~carrier~ being replaced with K~carrier~ + 1,
regardless of whether the serving cell is subject to CCA or not for UE
configured with relaxed measurement criterion.

#### 5.1.2.5 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells

When UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and UE is not configured with eDRX
by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* or *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is
not signalled in SIB1, the requirements defined in section 4.2.2.5 shall
apply with T~detect,\ EUTRAN,~ T~measure,\ EUTRAN~ and
T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN~ defined in table 5.1.2.5-1.

When UE is configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18*
and *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is signalled in SIB1, the requirements
defined in section 4.2B.2.5 shall apply with T~detect,\ EUTRAN,~
T~measure,\ EUTRAN~ and T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN~ defined in table 5.1.2.5-2.

Table 5.1.2.5-1: T~detect,\ EUTRAN~, T~measure,\ EUTRAN~ and
T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN~ for inactive UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle,
(Frequency range FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]              DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycle length \[s\]   T~detect,\ EUTRAN~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~measure,\ EUTRAN~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)
  ------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76   0.32                                      11.52 x 1.5 (36 x 1.5)                                             1.28 x 1.5 (4 x 1.5)                                                5.12 x 1.5 (16 x 1.5)
                                             0.64                                      17.92 (28)                                                         1.28 (2)                                                            5.12 (8)
                                             1.28                                      32 (25)                                                            1.28 (1)                                                            6.4 (5)
                                             2.56                                      58.88 (23)                                                         2.56 (1)                                                            7.68 (3)
                                             5.12                                      117.76 (23)                                                        5.12 (1)                                                            15.36 (3)
                                             10.24                                     235.52(23)                                                         10.24 (1)                                                           30.72 (3)

Table 5.1.2.5-2: T~detect,EUTRAN~, T~measure,EUTRAN,~ and
T~evaluate,EUTRAN~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and
eDRX\_INACTIVE ≥ 20.48 s, (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | RAN DRX  | eDRX     | T~detect | T        | T~e      |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | Inactive | ,EUTRAN~ | ~measure | valuate, |
| cycle    | length   | PTW      | \[s\]    | ,EUTRAN~ | E-UTRAN~ |
| and      | \[s\]    | length   | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
|          |          | \[s\]    | of RAN   | (number  | \[s\]    |
| eDRX\_   |          | (*       | DRX      | of RAN   | (number  |
| Inactive |          | **number | cycles   | DRX      | of RAN   |
| cycle    |          | of 1.28  | ^N       | cycles   | DRX      |
| length   |          | s        | ote\ 3^) | ^N       | cycles   |
| \[s\]    |          | per      |          | ote\ 3^) | ^N       |
|          |          | iods***) |          |          | ote\ 3^) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | $\text{  | 0.32 (1) | 0.64 (2) |
| eD       |          | (1)      | eDRX}\_  |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | c\text{y |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          | cle}\_ l |          |          |
| length   |          |          | \text{en |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          | gt}h \ti |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
|          |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
| 20.48 ≤  |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
| eDRX\_   |          |          | }{\left\ |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          | lceil PT |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          | W/DRX\_  |          |          |
| length   |          |          | c\text{y |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          | cle}\_ l |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | \text{en |          |          |
|          |          |          | gt}h \ri |          |          |
|          |          |          | ght\rcei |          |          |
|          |          |          | l} \righ |          |          |
|          |          |          | t\rceil$ |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | (2)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | (4)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle in |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| specific |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| value    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| by RRC   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of RAN   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| Inactive |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW      |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX\_   |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *ra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| n-Extend |          |          |          |          |          |
| edPaging |          |          |          |          |          |
| CycleCon |          |          |          |          |          |
| fig-r18* |          |          |          |          |          |
| as       |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in \[2\] |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 6:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\  |          |          |          |          |          |
| lceil \f |          |          |          |          |          |
| rac{Teva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luate,E  |          |          |          |          |          |
| - UTRAN* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| *NOTE    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 7:*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *When    |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX=20.48 |          |          |          |          |          |
| s and    |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX=0.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| s, UE is |          |          |          |          |          |
| allowed  |          |          |          |          |          |
| to       |          |          |          |          |          |
| perform  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ev       |          |          |          |          |          |
| aluation |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| every 2  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles.* |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

When the UE transitions between any two states when changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle length, INACTIVE RAN DRX length or
changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the transition
requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the two
requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 5.1.2.6 Maximum interruption in paging reception

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.6 shall apply.

#### 5.1.2.7 General requirements

When configured with eDRX\_INACTIVE, the UE shall search every layer of
higher priority at least every T~higher\_priority\_search~, where
T~higher\_priority\_search~ is defined as follows:

\- T~higher\_priority\_search~ = max(60, 15\*eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle
length) \* N~layers~ seconds if eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle ≤ 10.24 s,

\- T~higher\_priority\_search~ = max(60, ceil
(15/N~DRX-PTW~)\*eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle length) \* N~layers~ seconds if
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle \> 10.24 s, where N~DRX-PTW~ is the number of RAN
DRX cycles within a single RAN configured PTW.

Otherwise, if the UE is not configured with eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle, the UE
shall search every layer of higher priority at least every
T~higher\_priority\_search~ = (60 \* N~layers~) seconds.

N~layers~ is the total number of higher priority NR and E-UTRA carrier
frequencies broadcasted in system information. For a UE configured with
early measurement reporting, while T331 is running, Nlayers is the
combined total number of higher priority NR and E-UTRA carrier
frequencies broadcasted in system information and carriers configured
for idle mode CA measurements.

NOTE: Combined total number means that if a carrier is a high priority
carrier and additionally a carrier configured for idle mode CA
measurements, it only counts as one carrier.

If UE is not configured to perform PRS measurement, or if UE is
configured to perform PRS measurement and supports
*parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, the requirements in this clause
shall apply.

If UE is configured to perform PRS measurement but does not support
*parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, the requirements in this clause
shall apply with Nlayers being replaced with Nlayers + 1.

#### 5.1.2.8 Measurement of inter-frequency NR cells with NTN carrier

This clause applies for the inter-frequency cell re-selection from TN to
NTN only in FR1-NTN. The requirements in clause 4.2.2.12 shall apply.

#### 5.1.2.9 Minimum requirement at transitions

The requirements in sub-clause 4.2.2.8 shall apply.

#### 5.1.2.10 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.9 apply for UE configured with relaxed
measurement criterion except when UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle
greater than 10.24 s and UE has fulfilled low mobility criterion or
not-at-cell edge criterion.

If the UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s in
FR1 and FR2, and UE has fulfilled low mobility criterion or not-at-cell
edge criterion, then the requirements in table 5.1.2.10-1 and table
5.1.2.10-2 respectively apply provided that eDRX cycle is ≤ \[10485.76\]
sec.

Table 5.1.2.10-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_Relax~ for
inactive UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE  | DRX or eDRX | T~de        | T~mea       | T~eval      |
| cycle       | INACTIVE    | tect,NR\_In | sure,NR\_In | uate,NR\_In |
| length      | cycle       | tra\_Relax~ | tra\_Relax~ | tra\_Relax~ |
| \[s\]       | length      | \[s\]       | \[s\]       | \[s\]       |
|             | \[s\]       | (number of  | (number of  | (number of  |
|             |             | DRX or eDRX | DRX or eDRX | DRX or      |
|             |             | INACTIVE    | INACTIVE    | INACTIVE    |
|             |             | cycles)     | cycles)     | eDRX        |
|             |             |             |             | cycles)     |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 20.48       | 0.32        | 11.52 x M2  | 1.28 x M2 x | 5.12 x M2 x |
| ≤eDRX\_IDLE |             | x K1 (36 x  | K1 (4 x M2  | K1 (16 x M2 |
| cycle       |             | M2 x K1)    | x K1)       | x K1)       |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| ≤10485.76   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 0.64        | 17.92 x K1  | 1.28 x K1   | 5.12 x K1   |
|             |             | (28 x K1)   | (2 x K1)    | (8 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 1.28        | 32 x K1 (25 | 1.28 x K1   | 6.4 x K1 (5 |
|             |             | x K1)       | (1 x K1)    | x K1)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2.56        | 58.88 x K1  | 2.56 x K1   | 7.68 x K1   |
|             |             | (23 x K1)   | (1 x K1)    | (3 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 5.12        | 117.76 x K1 | 5.12 x K1   | 15.36 x K1  |
|             |             | (23 x K1)   | (1 x K1)    | (3 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 10.24       | 235.52 x K1 | 10.24 x K1  | 30.72 x K1  |
|             |             | (23 x K1)   | (1 x K1)    | (3 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: M2  |             |             |             |             |
| = 1.5 if    |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| of measured |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| cell \> 20  |             |             |             |             |
| ms;         |             |             |             |             |
| otherwise   |             |             |             |             |
| M2=1.       |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: K1  |             |             |             |             |
| = 3 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| measurement |             |             |             |             |
| relaxation  |             |             |             |             |
| factor      |             |             |             |             |
| applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for UE      |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *           |             |             |             |             |
| lowMobility |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion   |             |             |             |             |
| or          |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *cellEdge   |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion.  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.1.2.10-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_Relax~ for
inactive UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, (Frequency range FR2)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX or   | Scaling  | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | eDRX     | Factor   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | INACTIVE | (N1)     | R\_Intra | R\_Intra | R\_Intra |
| length   | cycle    |          | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
| \[s\]    | length   |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          | \[s\]    |          | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | or eDRX  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  |
|          |          |          | INACTIVE | INACTIVE | INACTIVE |
|          |          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48    | 0.32     | 8        | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
| ≤eD      |          |          | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | x K1 (36 | x K1 (4  | x K1 (16 |
| cycle    |          |          | x N1 x   | x N1 x   | x N1 x   |
| length   |          |          | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) |
| ≤        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | 5        | 17.92x   | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (28 x N1 | (2 x N1  | (8 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | 4        | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x K1 (25 | N1 x K1  | x K1 (5  |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | (1 x N1  | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | K1)      | x K1)    | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | 3        | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 5.12     | 3        | 117.76 x | 5.12 x   | 15.36 x  |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 10.24    | 3        | 235.52 x | 10.24 x  | 30.72 x  |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| c        |          |          |          |          |          |
| riterion |          |          |          |          |          |
| or       |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

#### 5.1.2.11 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.10 apply for UE configured with relaxed
measurement criterion except when UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle
greater than 10.24 s and UE has fulfilled or low mobility criterion or
not-at-cell edge criterion.

If the UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s in
FR1 and FR2, and UE has fulfilled low mobility criterion or not-at-cell
edge criterion, then the requirements in table 5.1.2.11-1 and table
5.1.2.11-2 respectively apply provided that eDRX cycle is ≤ \[10485.76\]
sec.

Table 5.1.2.11-1: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ for
inactive UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE  | DRX or eDRX | T~de        | T~mea       | T~eval      |
| cycle       | INACTIVE    | tect,NR\_In | sure,NR\_In | uate,NR\_In |
| length      | cycle       | ter\_Relax~ | ter\_Relax~ | ter\_Relax~ |
| \[s\]       | length      | \[s\]       | \[s\]       | \[s\]       |
|             | \[s\]       | (number of  | (number of  | (number of  |
|             |             | DRX or eDRX | DRX or eDRX | DRX or      |
|             |             | INACTIVE    | INACTIVE    | INACTIVE    |
|             |             | cycles)     | cycles)     | eDRX        |
|             |             |             |             | cycles)     |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 20.48       | 0.32        | 11.52 x M2  | 1.28 x M2 x | 5.12 x M2 x |
| ≤eDRX\_IDLE |             | x K1 (36 x  | K1 (4 x M2  | K1 (16 x M2 |
| cycle       |             | M2 x K1)    | x K1)       | x K1)       |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| ≤10485.76   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 0.64        | 17.92 x K1  | 1.28 x K1   | 5.12 x K1   |
|             |             | (28 x K1)   | (2 x K1)    | (8 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 1.28        | 32 x K1 (25 | 1.28 x K1   | 6.4 x K1 (5 |
|             |             | x K1)       | (1 x K1)    | x K1)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2.56        | 58.88 x K1  | 2.56 x K1   | 7.68 x K1   |
|             |             | (23 x K1)   | (1 x K1)    | (3 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 5.12        | 117.76 x K1 | 5.12 x K1   | 15.36 x K1  |
|             |             | (23 x K1)   | (1 x K1)    | (3 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 10.24       | 235.52 x K1 | 10.24 x K1  | 30.72 x K1  |
|             |             | (23)        | (1 x K1)    | (3 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: M2  |             |             |             |             |
| = 1.5 if    |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| of measured |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| cell \> 20  |             |             |             |             |
| ms;         |             |             |             |             |
| otherwise   |             |             |             |             |
| M2=1.       |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: K1  |             |             |             |             |
| = 3 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| measurement |             |             |             |             |
| relaxation  |             |             |             |             |
| factor      |             |             |             |             |
| applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for UE      |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *           |             |             |             |             |
| lowMobility |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion   |             |             |             |             |
| or          |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *cellEdge   |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion.  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.1.2.11-2: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_Relax~,
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_Relax~ for
inactive UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, (Frequency range FR2)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX or   | Scaling  | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | eDRX     | Factor   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | INACTIVE | (N1)     | R\_Inter | R\_Inter | R\_Inter |
| length   | cycle    |          | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
| \[s\]    | length   |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          | \[s\]    |          | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | or eDRX  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  |
|          |          |          | INACTIVE | INACTIVE | INACTIVE |
|          |          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48    | 0.32     | 8        | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
| ≤eD      |          |          | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | x K1 (36 | x K1 (4  | x K1 (16 |
| cycle    |          |          | x N1 x   | x N1 x   | x N1 x   |
| length   |          |          | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) | M2 x K1) |
| ≤        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | 5        | 17.92x   | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (28 x N1 | (2 x N1  | (8 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | 4        | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x K1 (25 | N1 x K1  | x K1 (5  |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | (1 x N1  | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | K1)      | x K1)    | K1)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | 3        | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 5.12     | 3        | 117.76 x | 5.12 x   | 15.36 x  |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 10.24    | 3        | 235.52 x | 10.24 x  | 30.72 x  |
|          |          |          | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  | N1 x K1  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K1)    | x K1)    | x K1)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K1 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| c        |          |          |          |          |          |
| riterion |          |          |          |          |          |
| or       |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

#### 5.1.2.12 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.11 apply for UE configured with relaxed
measurement criterion except when UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle
greater than 10.24 s and UE has fulfilled low mobility criterion or
not-at-cell edge criterion.

If the UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s in
FR1 and FR2, and UE has fulfilled low mobility criterion or not-at-cell
edge criterion, then the requirements in table 5.1.2.12-1 apply provided
that eDRX cycle is ≤ \[10485.76\] sec.

Table 5.1.2.12-1: T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~, T~measure,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~
and T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\_Relax~ for inactive UE configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE  | DRX or eDRX | T~d         | T~me        | T~eva       |
| cycle       | INACTIVE    | etect,\ EUT | asure,\ EUT | luate,\ EUT |
| length      | cycle       | RAN\_Relax~ | RAN\_Relax~ | RAN\_Relax~ |
| \[s\]       | length      | \[s\]       | \[s\]       | \[s\]       |
|             | \[s\]       | (number of  | (number of  | (number of  |
|             |             | DRX or eDRX | DRX or eDRX | DRX or      |
|             |             | INACTIVE    | INACTIVE    | INACTIVE    |
|             |             | cycles)     | cycles)     | eDRX        |
|             |             |             |             | cycles)     |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 20.48       | 0.32        | 11.52 x M2  | 1.28 x M2 x | 5.12 x M2 x |
| ≤eDRX\_IDLE |             | x K1 (36 x  | K1 (4 x M2  | K1 (16 x M2 |
| cycle       |             | M2 x K1)    | x K1)       | x K1)       |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| ≤10485.76   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 0.64        | 17.92 x K1  | 1.28 x K1   | 5.12 x K1   |
|             |             | (28 x K1)   | (2 x K1)    | (8 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 1.28        | 32 x K1 (25 | 1.28 x K1   | 6.4 x K1 (5 |
|             |             | x K1)       | (1 x K1)    | x K1)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2.56        | 58.88 x K1  | 2.56 x K1   | 7.68 x K1   |
|             |             | (23 x K1)   | (1 x K1)    | (3 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 5.12        | 117.76 x K1 | 5.12 x K1   | 15.36 x K1  |
|             |             | (23 x K1)   | (1 x K1)    | (3 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 10.24       | 235.52 x K1 | 10.24 x K1  | 30.72 x K1  |
|             |             | (23 x K1)   | (1 x K1)    | (3 x K1)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: M2  |             |             |             |             |
| = 1.5 if    |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| of measured |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| cell \> 20  |             |             |             |             |
| ms;         |             |             |             |             |
| otherwise   |             |             |             |             |
| M2=1.       |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: K1  |             |             |             |             |
| = 3 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| measurement |             |             |             |             |
| relaxation  |             |             |             |             |
| factor      |             |             |             |             |
| applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for UE      |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *           |             |             |             |             |
| lowMobility |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion   |             |             |             |             |
| or          |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *cellEdge   |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion.  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

5.1A Cell Re-selection with CCA
-------------------------------

### 5.1A.1 Introduction

The cell reselection procedure allows the UE to select a more suitable
cell and camp on it. The requirements in subclauses 5.1A.2.3, 5.1A.2.4,
and 5.1A.2.6 apply when at least the target cell is on a carrier
frequency with CCA, and the requirements in subclauses 5.1A.2.2 and
5.1A.2.5 apply when at least the camping cell is on a carrier frequency
with CCA.

When the UE is in *Camped Normally* state on a cell, the UE shall
attempt to detect, synchronise, and monitor intra-frequency,
inter-frequency and inter-RAT cells indicated by the serving cell. For
intra-frequency and inter-frequency cells the serving cell may provide
explicit neighbour list, or only carrier frequency information and
bandwidth information. UE measurement activity is also controlled by
measurement rules defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], allowing the UE to limit
its measurement activity.

### 5.1A.2 Requirements

#### 5.1A.2.1 UE measurement capability

The requirements in clause 4.2A.2.1 shall apply.

#### 5.1A.2.2 Measurement and evaluation when CCA is used on the serving cell

The requirements in clause 4.2A.2.2 shall apply.

#### 5.1A.2.3 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells when CCA is used on the serving cell and target cell

The requirements in clause 4.2A.2.3 shall apply.

#### 5.1A.2.4 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells when CCA is used on the target cell

The requirements in clause 4.2A.2.4 shall apply.

#### 5.1A.2.5 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells when CCA is used on the serving cell

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.5 shall apply.

#### 5.1A.2.6 Maximum interruption in paging reception when CCA is used on the target cell

The requirements in clause 4.2A.2.6 shall apply.

#### 5.1A.2.7 General requirements

The requirements in clause 4.2.2.7 shall apply.

5.1B Cell Re-selection for RedCap
---------------------------------

### 5.1B.1 Introduction

### 5.1B.2 Requirements

#### 5.1B.2.1 UE measurement capability

The requirements in clause 4.2B.2.1 shall apply.

#### 5.1B.2.2 Measurement and evaluation of serving cell

The requirements in clause 4.2B.2.2 shall apply when UE is not
configured with eDRX\_IDLE.

When UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and UE is not configured with eDRX
by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* or *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is
not signalled in SIB1, the UE shall measure the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ
level of the serving cell and evaluate the cell selection criterion S
defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] for the serving cell at least once every M1\*
T for FR1 and N1\*T for FR2; where:

\- T is determined according to clause 7.1 in \[1\],

\- M1=2 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and T ≤ 0.64 second,
otherwise M1=1.

When UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and eDRX by
*ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* and *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is
signalled in SIB1, within a single eDRX INACTIVE PTW, the UE shall
measure the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ level of the serving cell and evaluate
the cell selection criterion S defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] for the
serving cell at least once every M1\* T for FR1 and N1\*T for FR2;
where:

\- T is determined according to clause 7.1 in \[1\],

\- M1=2 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and T ≤ 0.64 second,
otherwise M1=1.

The UE shall filter the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the serving
cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used
for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by, at
least T/2.

If UE is not configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18*
or *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is not signalled in SIB1 and the UE has
evaluated according to table 5.1B.2.2-1or table 5.1B.2.2-2 in
N~serv\_RedCap~ consecutive T that the serving cell does not fulfil the
cell selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate the measurements of
all neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell, regardless of the
measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement activities.

If UE is configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* and
*eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is signalled in SIB1 and the UE has evaluated
according to table 5.1B.2.2-3 or table 5.1B.2.2-4 in N~serv\_RedCap~
consecutive T within a single eDRX INACTIVE PTW that the serving cell
does not fulfil the cell selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate
the measurements of all neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell,
regardless of the measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement
activities.

Table 5.1B.2.2-1: N~serv\_RedCap~ for inactive Redcap UE configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle, (Frequency range FR1)

+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE cycle | DRX or eDRX      | T \[s\] | N                |
| length \[s\]     | INACTIVE cycle   |         | ~serv\ \_RedCap~ |
|                  | length\[s\]      |         | \[number of T \] |
+==================+==================+=========+==================+
| 2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE | 0.32             | 0.32    | 4\*M1            |
| cycle length     | ≤DRX\_Inactive   |         |                  |
| ≤10485.76        | cycle length     |         |                  |
|                  | ≤2.56; or        |         |                  |
|                  |                  |         |                  |
|                  | 2.56             |         |                  |
|                  | ≤eDRX\_Inactive  |         |                  |
|                  | cycle length     |         |                  |
|                  | ≤10.24 if        |         |                  |
|                  | inactive eDRX is |         |                  |
|                  | configured       |         |                  |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
|                  |                  | 0.64    | 4\*M1            |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
|                  |                  | 1.28    | 2                |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
|                  |                  | 2.56    | 2                |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
|                  |                  | 5.12    | 2                |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
|                  |                  | 10.24   | 2                |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+
| NOTE 1: T is     |                  |         |                  |
| determined       |                  |         |                  |
| according to     |                  |         |                  |
| clause 7.1 in    |                  |         |                  |
| \[1\].           |                  |         |                  |
|                  |                  |         |                  |
| NOTE 2: M1=2 if  |                  |         |                  |
| SMTC periodicity |                  |         |                  |
| (T~SMTC~) \> 20  |                  |         |                  |
| ms and T≤ 0.64   |                  |         |                  |
| second,          |                  |         |                  |
| otherwise M1=1.  |                  |         |                  |
+------------------+------------------+---------+------------------+

Table 5.1B.2.2-2: N~serv\_RedCap~ for inactive Redcap UE configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle, (Frequency range FR2)

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE   | DRX or eDRX  | T \[s\] | Scaling      | N~s          |
| cycle length | INACTIVE     |         | Factor (N1)  | erv\_RedCap~ |
| \[s\]        | cycle        |         |              | \[number of  |
|              | length\[s\]  |         |              | T\]          |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| 2.56         | 0.32         | 0.32    | 8            | 4\* N1       |
| ≤eDRX\_IDLE  | ≤D           |         |              |              |
| cycle length | RX\_Inactive |         |              |              |
| ≤10485.76    | cycle length |         |              |              |
|              | ≤2.56; or    |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | 2.56         |         |              |              |
|              | ≤eD          |         |              |              |
|              | RX\_Inactive |         |              |              |
|              | cycle length |         |              |              |
|              | ≤10.24 if    |         |              |              |
|              | inactive     |         |              |              |
|              | eDRX is      |         |              |              |
|              | configured   |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | 0.64    | 5            | 4\* N1       |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | 1.28    | 4            | 2\* N1       |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | 2.56    | 3            | 2\* N1       |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | 5.12    | 3            | 2\* N1       |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | 10.24   | 3            | 2\* N1       |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: T is |              |         |              |              |
| determined   |              |         |              |              |
| according to |              |         |              |              |
| clause 7.1   |              |         |              |              |
| in \[1\].    |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

Table 5.1B.2.2-3: N~serv\_RedCap~ for inactive Redcap UE, (Frequency
range FR1)

+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE cycle | T \[s\] | eDRX INACTIVE    | N~serv\_RedCap~  |
| and eDRX         |         | PTW length \[s\] | \[number of T    |
| INACTIVE cycle   |         | (***number of    | ^Note\ 3^\]      |
| length \[s\]     |         | 1.28 s           |                  |
|                  |         | periods***)      |                  |
+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+
| 20.48 ≤          | 0.32    | ≥ 1.28 (1)       | M1\*2            |
| eDRX\_IDLE cycle |         |                  |                  |
| length ≤10485.76 |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| 20.48 ≤ eDRX\_   |         |                  |                  |
| INACTIVE cycle   |         |                  |                  |
| length ≤10485.76 |         |                  |                  |
+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+
|                  | 0.64    | ≥ 1.28 (1)       | M1\*2            |
|                  |         | (M1=1) or\       |                  |
|                  |         | ≥ 2.56 (2)       |                  |
|                  |         | (M1=2)           |                  |
+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+
|                  | 1.28    | ≥2.56 (2)        | 2                |
+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+
|                  | 2.56    | ≥5.12 (4)        | 2                |
+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+
| NOTE 1: RAN DRX  |         |                  |                  |
| cycle in this    |         |                  |                  |
| table is UE      |         |                  |                  |
| specific DRX     |         |                  |                  |
| value configured |         |                  |                  |
| by RRC specified |         |                  |                  |
| in \[1\].        |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| NOTE 2: The      |         |                  |                  |
| number of RAN    |         |                  |                  |
| DRX cycles in    |         |                  |                  |
| this table is    |         |                  |                  |
| given for the    |         |                  |                  |
| DRX cycles       |         |                  |                  |
| within RAN       |         |                  |                  |
| configured PTWs. |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| NOTE 3: eDRX     |         |                  |                  |
| INACTIVE PTW in  |         |                  |                  |
| this table is    |         |                  |                  |
| RAN configured   |         |                  |                  |
| PTW.             |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| NOTE 4:          |         |                  |                  |
| N~serv\_RedCap~  |         |                  |                  |
| requirements are |         |                  |                  |
| only defined     |         |                  |                  |
| within a single  |         |                  |                  |
| eDRX INACTIVE    |         |                  |                  |
| PTW duration.    |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| NOTE 5: T is     |         |                  |                  |
| determined       |         |                  |                  |
| according to     |         |                  |                  |
| clause 7.1 in    |         |                  |                  |
| \[1\].           |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| NOTE 6: The      |         |                  |                  |
| eDRX\_INACTIVE   |         |                  |                  |
| cycle lengths    |         |                  |                  |
| are as specified |         |                  |                  |
| in section       |         |                  |                  |
| 10.5.5.32 of TS  |         |                  |                  |
| 24.008 \[42\].   |         |                  |                  |
|                  |         |                  |                  |
| NOTE 7: The      |         |                  |                  |
| lower bound of   |         |                  |                  |
| *PTW length is   |         |                  |                  |
| derived based    |         |                  |                  |
| on*              |         |                  |                  |
| $\l              |         |                  |                  |
| eft\lceil \frac{ |         |                  |                  |
| \text{Nserv}\_ R |         |                  |                  |
| edCap\ *DRX\_ cy |         |                  |                  |
| cle}{1.28} \righ |         |                  |                  |
| t\rceil*1.28$*.* |         |                  |                  |
+------------------+---------+------------------+------------------+

Table 5.1B.2.2-4: N~serv\_RedCap~ for inactive Redcap UE, (Frequency
range FR2)

+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE   | T \[s\] | eDRX         | Scaling      | N~s          |
| cycle and    |         | INACTIVE PTW | Factor (N1)  | erv\_RedCap~ |
| eDRX         |         | length \[s\] |              | \[number of  |
| INACTIVE     |         | (***number   |              | T            |
| cycle length |         | of 1.28 s    |              | ^Note\ 3^\]  |
| \[s\]        |         | periods***)  |              |              |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
| 20.48 ≤      | 0.32    | ≥5.12 (4)    | 8            | N1\*2        |
| eDRX\_IDLE   |         |              |              |              |
| cycle length |         |              |              |              |
| ≤10485.76    |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| 20.48 ≤      |         |              |              |              |
| eDRX\_       |         |              |              |              |
| INACTIVE     |         |              |              |              |
| cycle length |         |              |              |              |
| ≤10485.76    |         |              |              |              |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
|              | 0.64    | ≥6.4 (5)     | 5            | N1\*2        |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
|              | 1.28    | ≥10.24 (8)   | 4            | N1\*2        |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
|              | 2.56    | ≥15.36 (12)  | 3            | N1\*2        |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1:      |         |              |              |              |
| Applies for  |         |              |              |              |
| RedCap UE of |         |              |              |              |
| all FR2      |         |              |              |              |
| power class. |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 2: RAN  |         |              |              |              |
| DRX cycle in |         |              |              |              |
| this table   |         |              |              |              |
| is UE        |         |              |              |              |
| specific DRX |         |              |              |              |
| value        |         |              |              |              |
| configured   |         |              |              |              |
| by RRC       |         |              |              |              |
| specified in |         |              |              |              |
| \[1\].       |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 3: The  |         |              |              |              |
| number of    |         |              |              |              |
| RAN DRX      |         |              |              |              |
| cycles in    |         |              |              |              |
| this table   |         |              |              |              |
| is given for |         |              |              |              |
| the DRX      |         |              |              |              |
| cycles       |         |              |              |              |
| within RAN   |         |              |              |              |
| configured   |         |              |              |              |
| PTWs.        |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 4: eDRX |         |              |              |              |
| INACTIVE PTW |         |              |              |              |
| in this      |         |              |              |              |
| table is RAN |         |              |              |              |
| configured   |         |              |              |              |
| PTW.         |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 5:      |         |              |              |              |
| N~s          |         |              |              |              |
| erv\_RedCap~ |         |              |              |              |
| requirements |         |              |              |              |
| are only     |         |              |              |              |
| defined      |         |              |              |              |
| within a     |         |              |              |              |
| single eDRX  |         |              |              |              |
| INACTIVE PTW |         |              |              |              |
| duration.    |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 6: T is |         |              |              |              |
| determined   |         |              |              |              |
| according to |         |              |              |              |
| clause 7.1   |         |              |              |              |
| in \[1\].    |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 7: The  |         |              |              |              |
| eD           |         |              |              |              |
| RX\_INACTIVE |         |              |              |              |
| cycle        |         |              |              |              |
| lengths are  |         |              |              |              |
| as specified |         |              |              |              |
| in section   |         |              |              |              |
| 10.5.5.32 of |         |              |              |              |
| TS 24.008    |         |              |              |              |
| \[42\].      |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| NOTE 8: The  |         |              |              |              |
| lower bound  |         |              |              |              |
| of *PTW      |         |              |              |              |
| length is    |         |              |              |              |
| derived      |         |              |              |              |
| based on*    |         |              |              |              |
| $\left\lcei  |         |              |              |              |
| l \frac{\tex |         |              |              |              |
| t{Nserv}\_ R |         |              |              |              |
| edCap\ *DRX\ |         |              |              |              |
| _ cycle}{1.2 |         |              |              |              |
| 8} \right\rc |         |              |              |              |
| eil*1.28$*.* |         |              |              |              |
|              |         |              |              |              |
| *NOTE 9:     |         |              |              |              |
| When         |         |              |              |              |
| eDRX=20.48 s |         |              |              |              |
| and DRX=0.32 |         |              |              |              |
| s, UE is     |         |              |              |              |
| allowed to   |         |              |              |              |
| perform cell |         |              |              |              |
| evaluation   |         |              |              |              |
| within PTW   |         |              |              |              |
| in every 2   |         |              |              |              |
| eDRX         |         |              |              |              |
| cycles.*     |         |              |              |              |
+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+--------------+

If UE is not configured with eDRX\_INACTIVE ≥ 20.48 s, when UE
transitions from measurements within eDRX\_IDLE PTW and to measurements
outside eDRX\_IDLE PTW or vice versa during one measurement period, the
UE measurement requirements apply based on the longer measurement period
requirements before or after the transition.

When the UE transitions between any two states when changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle length, INACTIVE RAN DRX length or
changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the transition
requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the two
requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

If the UE in RRC\_INACTIVE has not found any new suitable cell based on
searches and measurements using the intra-frequency, inter-frequency and
inter-RAT information indicated in the system information during the
time T', the UE shall initiate cell selection procedures for the
selected PLMN as defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], where

\- T'= 10 s, if the UE is not configured with eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle, or

\- T'= MAX (10 s, one eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle) if the UE is configured with
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle for FR1, or

\- T'= MAX (10 s, N1\* eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle) if the UE is configured
with eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle for FR2.

#### 5.1B.2.3 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells

The requirements in clause 4.2B.2.3 shall apply when UE is not
configured with eDRX\_IDLE. When UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and UE
is not configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* or
*eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is not signalled in SIB1, the requirements
defined in section 4.2B.2.3 shall apply with
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ defined in table 5.1B.2.3-1 and table
5.1B.2.3-2.

When UE is configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18*
and *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is signalled in SIB1, the requirements
defined in section 4.2B.2.3 shall apply with
T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap,~ T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ defined in table 5.1B.2.3-3 and table
5.1B.2.3-4.

Table 5.1B.2.3-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ for
Redcap UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, (Frequency range FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                     DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycle length \[s\]   T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or INACTIVE eDRX cycles)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76                                                          0.32                                      11.52 x M2 (36 x M2)                                                        1.28 x M2 (4 x M2)                                                           5.12 x M2 (16 x M2)
                                                                                                    0.64                                      17.92 (28)                                                                  1.28 (2)                                                                     5.12 (8)
                                                                                                    1.28                                      32 (25)                                                                     1.28 (1)                                                                     6.4 (5)
                                                                                                    2.56                                      58.88 (23)                                                                  2.56 (1)                                                                     7.68 (3)
                                                                                                    5.12                                      117.76 (23)                                                                 5.12 (1)                                                                     15.36 (3)
                                                                                                    10.24                                     235.52 (23)                                                                 10.24 (1)                                                                    30.72 (3)
  NOTE 1: M2 = 1.5 if SMTC periodicity of measured intra-frequency cell \> 20 ms; otherwise M2=1.                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Table 5.1B.2.3-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ for
Redcap UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, (Frequency range FR2)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                     DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycle length \[s\]   Scaling Factor (N1)   T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- --------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76                                                          0.32                                      8                     11.52 x N1 x M2 (36 x N1 x M2)                                              1.28 x N1 x M2 (4 x N1 x M2)                                                 5.12 x N1 x M2 (16 x N1 x M2)
                                                                                                    0.64                                      5                     17.92x N1 (28 x N1)                                                         1.28 x N1 (2 x N1)                                                           5.12 x N1 (8 x N1)
                                                                                                    1.28                                      4                     32 x N1 (25 x N1)                                                           1.28 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                           6.4 x N1 (5 x N1)
                                                                                                    2.56                                      3                     58.88 x N1 (23 x N1)                                                        2.56 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                           7.68 x N1 (3 x N1)
                                                                                                    5.12                                      3                     117.76 x N1 (23 x N1)                                                       5.12 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                           15.36 x N1 (3 x N1)
                                                                                                    10.24                                     3                     235.52 x N1 (23 x N1)                                                       10.24 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                          30.72 x N1 (3 x N1)
  NOTE 1: M2 = 1.5 if SMTC periodicity of measured intra-frequency cell \> 20 ms; otherwise M2=1.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Table 5.1B.2.3-3: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ for
Redcap UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle,
(Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | RANDRX   | eDRX     | T~d      | T~me     | T~eva    |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | INA      | etect,NR | asure,NR | luate,NR |
| cycle    | length   | CTIVEPTW | \_Intra\ | \_Intra\ | \_Intra\ |
| and eDRX | \[s\]    | length   | _RedCap~ | _RedCap~ | _RedCap~ |
| INACTIVE |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
| cycle    |          | (number  | (number  | (number  | (number  |
| length   |          | of 1.28  | of RAN   | of RAN   | of RAN   |
| \[s\]    |          | s        | DRX      | DRX      | DRX      |
|          |          | periods) | cycles)  | cycles   | cycles   |
|          |          |          |          | ^N       | ^N       |
|          |          |          |          | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥        | $$       | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | \[1.28\] | \text{eD | M2 (1 x  | M2 (2 x  |
| RX\_IDLE |          | (\[1\])  | RX}\_\te | M2)      | M2)      |
| cycle    |          |          | xt{cycl} |          |          |
| length   |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          | th \time |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | s \left\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | lceil \f |          |          |
| 20.48    |          |          | rac{23}{ |          |          |
| ≤eDRX\_  |          |          | PTW/DRX\ |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          | _ cycle\ |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          | _ length |          |          |
| length ≤ |          |          | } \right |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | \rceil$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | \(23\)   |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥        |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | \[1.28\] |          |          |          |
|          |          | (\[1\])  |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥        |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | \[2.56\] |          |          |          |
|          |          | (\[2\])  |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥        |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | \[5.12\] |          |          |          |
|          |          | (\[4\])  |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle in |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| specific |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| value    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| by RRC   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of RAN   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW.     |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Intra\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 6:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 2   |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.1B.2.3-4: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~,
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap~ for
Redcap UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle,
(Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | RAN DRX | eDRX    | Scaling | T~dete  | T~measu | T       |
| X\_IDLE | length  | INAC    | Factor  | ct,NR\_ | re,NR\_ | ~evalua |
| cycle   | \[s\]   | TIVEPTW | (N1)    | Intra\_ | Intra\_ | te,NR\_ |
| and     |         | length  |         | RedCap~ | RedCap~ | Intra\_ |
| eDRX    |         | \[s\]   |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | RedCap~ |
| I       |         | (number |         | (number | (number | \[s\]   |
| NACTIVE |         | of 1.28 |         | of RAN  | of RAN  | (number |
| cycle   |         | s       |         | DRX     | DRX     | of RAN  |
| length  |         | p       |         | cycles) | cycles  | DRX     |
| \[s\]   |         | eriods) |         |         | ^No     | cycles  |
|         |         |         |         |         | te\ 5^) | ^No     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | te\ 5^) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 2.56    | 0.32    | ≥5.12   | 8       | $$\t    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| ≤eDR    |         | (4)     |         | ext{eDR | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | X}\_\te | N1)     | N1)     |
| cycle   |         |         |         | xt{cycl |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | }e\_ le |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | ngth \t |         |         |
| 1       |         |         |         | imes \l |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         | eft\lce |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | il \fra |         |         |
| 20.48   |         |         |         | c{23 \t |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | imes N1 |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         | }{PTW/D |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         | RX\_ cy |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         | cle\_ l |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | ength}  |         |         |
| ≤1      |         |         |         | \right\ |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         | rceil$$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥6.4    | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (5)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥10.24  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (8)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | ≥15.36  | 3       |         | 2.56 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         | (12)    |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pecific |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| value   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| by RRC  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[1\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| I       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| this    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 5: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of *PTW |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on*     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\lef   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\lceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  \frac{ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Tevalua |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| te,NR\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  Intra\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _ RedCa |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| p*DRX\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  cycle} |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {1.28}  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \right\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rceil*1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .28$*.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *7:*    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *When   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDR     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| X=20.48 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s and   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| D       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RX=0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| allowed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| perform |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| every 2 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ycles.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

When the UE transitions between any two states when changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle length, INACTIVE RAN DRX length or
changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the transition
requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the two
requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 5.1B.2.4 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells

The requirements in clause 4.2B.2.4 shall apply when UE is not
configured with eDRX\_IDLE. When UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and UE
is not configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* or
*eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is not signalled in SIB1, the requirements
defined in section 4.2B.2.4 shall apply with
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ defined in table 5.1B.2.4-1 and table
5.1B.2.4-2.

When UE is configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18*
and *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is signalled in SIB1, the requirements
defined in section 4.2B.2.4 shall apply with
T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~ T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ defined in table 5.1B.2.4-3 and table
5.1B.2.4-4.

Table 5.1B.2.4-1: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ for
Redcap UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, (Frequency range FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]              DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycle length \[s\]   T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)
  ------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76   0.32                                      11.52 x 1.5 (36 x 1.5)                                                      1.28 x 1.5 (4 x 1.5)                                                         5.12 x 1.5 (16 x 1.5)
                                             0.64                                      17.92 (28)                                                                  1.28 (2)                                                                     5.12 (8)
                                             1.28                                      32 (25)                                                                     1.28 (1)                                                                     6.4 (5)
                                             2.56                                      58.88 (23)                                                                  2.56 (1)                                                                     7.68 (3)
                                             5.12                                      117.76 (23)                                                                 5.12 (1)                                                                     15.36 (3)
                                             10.24                                     235.52(23)                                                                  10.24 (1)                                                                    30.72 (3)

Table 5.1B.2.4-2: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ for
Redcap UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, (Frequency range FR2)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]              DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycle length \[s\]   Scaling Factor (N1)   T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)
  ------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------- --------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76   0.32                                      8                     11.52 x N1 x 1.5 (36 x N1 x 1.5)                                            1.28 x N1 x 1.5 (4 x N1 x 1.5)                                               5.12 x N1 x 1.5 (16 x N1 x 1.5)
                                             0.64                                      5                     17.92x N1 (28 x N1)                                                         1.28 x N1 (2 x N1)                                                           5.12 x N1 (8 x N1)
                                             1.28                                      4                     32 x N1 (25 x N1)                                                           1.28 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                           6.4 x N1 (5 x N1)
                                             2.56                                      3                     58.88 x N1 (23 x N1)                                                        2.56 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                           7.68 x N1 (3 x N1)
                                             5.12                                      3                     117.76 x N1 (23 x N1)                                                       5.12 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                           15.36 x N1 (3 x N1)
                                             10.24                                     3                     235.52 x N1 (23 x N1)                                                       10.24 x N1 (1 x N1)                                                          30.72 x N1 (3 x N1)

Table 5.1B.2.4-3: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ for
Redcap UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle
(Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | RAN DRX  | eDRX     | T~d      | T~me     | T~eva    |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | INACTIVE | etect,NR | asure,NR | luate,NR |
| cycle    | length   | PTW      | \_Inter\ | \_Inter\ | \_Inter\ |
| and      | \[s\]    | length   | _RedCap~ | _RedCap~ | _RedCap~ |
|          |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
| eDRX\_   |          | (number  | (number  | (number  | (number  |
| INACTIVE |          | of 1.28  | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
| cycle    |          | s        | or eDRX  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  |
| length   |          | periods) | INACTIVE | INACTIVE | INACTIVE |
| \[s\]    |          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48≤eD | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | $$       | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| RX\_IDLE |          | (1)      | \text{eD | 1.5 (1 x | 1.5 (2 x |
| cycle    |          |          | RX}\_\te | 1.5)     | 1.5)     |
| length ≤ |          |          | xt{cycl} |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | e\_ leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th \time |          |          |
| 20.48    |          |          | s \left\ |          |          |
| ≤eDRX\_  |          |          | lceil \f |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          | rac{23}{ |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          | PTW/DRX\ |          |          |
| length ≤ |          |          | _ cycle\ |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | _ length |          |          |
|          |          |          | } \right |          |          |
|          |          |          | \rceil$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | \(23\)   |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | (2)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | (4)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle in |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| specific |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| value    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| by RRC   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of RAN   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW      |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX\_   |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 6:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Inter\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.1B.2.4-4: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap~ for
Redcap UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle
(Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | RAN DRX | eDRX    | Scaling | T~dete  | T~measu | T       |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | I       | Factor  | ct,NR\_ | re,NR\_ | ~evalua |
| cycle   | length  | NACTIVE | (N1)    | Inter\_ | Inter\_ | te,NR\_ |
| and     | \[s\]   | PTW     | ^Note1^ | RedCap~ | RedCap~ | Inter\_ |
|         |         | length  |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | RedCap~ |
| eDRX\_I |         | \[s\]   |         | (number | (number | \[s\]   |
| NACTIVE |         | (number |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | (number |
| cycle   |         | of 1.28 |         | or eDRX | or eDRX | of DRX  |
| length  |         | s       |         | I       | I       | or eDRX |
| \[s\]   |         | p       |         | NACTIVE | NACTIVE | I       |
|         |         | eriods) |         | cycles) | cycles) | NACTIVE |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cycles) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20      | 0.32    | ≥5.12   | 8       | $$\t    | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| .48≤eDR |         | (4)     |         | ext{eDR | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | X}\_\te | N1)     | N1)     |
| cycle   |         |         |         | xt{cycl |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | }e\_ le |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | ngth \t |         |         |
| 1       |         |         |         | imes \l |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         | eft\lce |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | il \fra |         |         |
| 20.48   |         |         |         | c{23 \t |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | imes N1 |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         | }{PTW/D |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         | RX\_ cy |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         | cle\_ l |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | ength}  |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | \right\ |         |         |
| 1       |         |         |         | rceil$$ |         |         |
| 0485.76 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥6.4    | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (5)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥10.24  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (8)     |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | ≥15.36  | 3       |         | 2.56 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         | (12)    |         |         | N1 (1 x | N1 (2 x |
|         |         |         |         |         | N1)     | N1)     |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of *PTW |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on*     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\lef   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\lceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  \frac{ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Tevalua |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| te,NR\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  Inter\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _ RedCa |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| p*DRX\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  cycle} |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {1.28}  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \right\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rceil*1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .28$*.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *5:*    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *When   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX\_  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| INACTIV |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| E=20.48 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s and   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| D       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RX=0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| allowed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| perform |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| every 2 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ycles.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pecific |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| value   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| by RRC  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[1\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 8: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| I       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| this    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[1\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

When the UE transitions between any two states when changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle length, INACTIVE RAN DRX length or
changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the transition
requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the two
requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 5.1B.2.5 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells

The requirements in clause 4.2B.2.5 shall apply when UE is not
configured with eDRX\_IDLE. When UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE and UE
is not configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* or
*eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is not signalled in SIB1, the requirements
defined in section 4.2B.2.5 shall apply with T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap,~
T~measure,\ EUTRAN\ \_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\ \_RedCap~ defined
in table 5.1B.2.5-1.

Table 5.1B.2.5-1: T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap~,
T~measure,\ EUTRAN\ \_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\ \_RedCap~ for
inactive Redcap UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, (Frequency range
FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]              DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycle length \[s\]   T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~measure,\ EUTRAN\ \_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)   T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\ \_RedCap~ \[s\] (number of DRX or eDRX INACTIVE cycles)
  ------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76   0.32                                      11.52 x 1.5 (36 x 1.5)                                                     1.28 x 1.5 (4 x 1.5)                                                          5.12 x 1.5 (16 x 1.5)
                                             0.64                                      17.92 (28)                                                                 1.28 (2)                                                                      5.12 (8)
                                             1.28                                      32 (25)                                                                    1.28 (1)                                                                      6.4 (5)
                                             2.56                                      58.88 (23)                                                                 2.56 (1)                                                                      7.68 (3)
                                             5.12                                      117.76 (23)                                                                5.12 (1)                                                                      15.36 (3)
                                             10.24                                     235.52(23)                                                                 10.24 (1)                                                                     30.72 (3)

When UE is configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18*
and *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is signalled in SIB1, the requirements
defined in section 4.2B.2.5 shall apply with T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap,~
T~measure,\ EUTRAN\ \_RedCap~ and T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\ \_RedCap~ defined
in table 5.1B.2.5-2.

Table 5.1B.2.5-2: T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap~, T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap,~
and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap~ for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle
and eDRX\_INACTIVE ≥ 20.48 s, (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | RAN DRX  | eDRX     | T~detect | T        | T~e      |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | Inactive | ,EUTRAN\ | ~measure | valuate, |
| cycle    | length   | PTW      | _RedCap~ | ,EUTRAN\ | E-UTRAN\ |
| and      | \[s\]    | length   | \[s\]    | _RedCap~ | _RedCap~ |
|          |          | \[s\]    | (number  | \[s\]    |          |
| eDRX\_   |          | (*       | of RAN   | (number  | \[s\]    |
| Inactive |          | **number | DRX      | of RAN   | (number  |
| cycle    |          | of 1.28  | cycles   | DRX      | of RAN   |
| length   |          | s        | ^N       | cycles   | DRX      |
| \[s\]    |          | per      | ote\ 3^) | ^N       | cycles   |
|          |          | iods***) |          | ote\ 3^) | ^N       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ote\ 3^) |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | $\text{  | 0.32 (1) | 0.64 (2) |
| eD       |          | (1)      | eDRX}\_  |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | c\text{y |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          | cle}\_ l |          |          |
| length   |          |          | \text{en |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          | gt}h \ti |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
|          |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
| 20.48 ≤  |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
| eDRX\_   |          |          | }{\left\ |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          | lceil PT |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          | W/DRX\_  |          |          |
| length   |          |          | c\text{y |          |          |
| ≤        |          |          | cle}\_ l |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          | \text{en |          |          |
|          |          |          | gt}h \ri |          |          |
|          |          |          | ght\rcei |          |          |
|          |          |          | l} \righ |          |          |
|          |          |          | t\rceil$ |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23)     |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 (1) | 1.28 (2) |
|          |          | (1)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 (1) | 2.56 (2) |
|          |          | (2)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 (1) | 5.12 (2) |
|          |          | (4)      |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle in |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| specific |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| value    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| by RRC   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of RAN   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| Inactive |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW      |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX\_   |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACITVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *ra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| n-Extend |          |          |          |          |          |
| edPaging |          |          |          |          |          |
| CycleCon |          |          |          |          |          |
| fig-r18* |          |          |          |          |          |
| as       |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in \[2\] |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 6:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,E - |          |          |          |          |          |
|  UTRAN\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| *NOTE    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 7:*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *When    |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX=20.48 |          |          |          |          |          |
| s and    |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX=0.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| s, UE is |          |          |          |          |          |
| allowed  |          |          |          |          |          |
| to       |          |          |          |          |          |
| perform  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ev       |          |          |          |          |          |
| aluation |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| every 2  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles.* |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

When the UE transitions between any two states when changing eDRX\_IDLE
cycle length, eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle length, INACTIVE RAN DRX length or
changing PTW configuration, the UE shall meet the transition
requirement, which is the less stringent requirement of the two
requirements corresponding to the first state and the second state,
during the transition time interval which is the time corresponding to
the transition requirement. After the transition time interval, the UE
shall meet the requirement corresponding to the second state.

#### 5.1B.2.6 Maximum interruption in paging reception

The requirements in clause 4.2B.2.6 shall apply for RedCap UEs.

For RedCap UE in HD-FDD mode, if paging occasions partially overlap with
CG-SDT transmission, the UE is only required to monitor for SI change
indication in any paging occasion at least once per modification period
\[2\] during SDT if the initial downlink BWP on which the SDT procedure
is ongoing is associated with a CD-SSB.

#### 5.1B.2.7 General requirements

The requirements in sub-clause 5.1.2.7 shall apply.

#### 5.1B.2.8 Minimum requirement at transitions

The requirements in sub-clause 4.2B.2.8 shall apply.

#### 5.1B.2.9 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

The requirements in clause 4.2B.2.9 apply for UE configured with relaxed
measurement criterion except when UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle
greater than 10.24 s and UE has fulfilled stationary criterion or low
mobility criterion or not-at-cell edge criterion.

If the UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s in
FR1 and FR2, and UE has fulfilled stationary criterion or low mobility
criterion or not-at-cell edge criterion, and

\- when UE is not configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycle-r18*
or *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is not signalled in SIB1, then the
requirements in table 5.1B.2.9-1 and table 5.1B.2.9-2 respectively apply
provided that eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ 10485.76 sec, or

\- when UE is configured with eDRX by *ran-ExtendedPagingCycle-r18* and
*eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is signalled in SIB1, the requirements
defined in section 4.2B.2.9 shall apply with
T~detect,\ NR\_intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,\ NR\_intra\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,\ NR\_intra\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ defined in table 5.1B.2.9-3 and
table 5.1B.2.9-4.

Table 5.1B.2.9-1: ~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for inactive Redcap UE configured
with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE  | DRX or eDRX | T           | T~          | T~e         |
| cycle       | INACTIVE    | ~detect,NR\ | measure,NR\ | valuate,NR\ |
| length      | cycle       | _Intra\_Red | _Intra\_Red | _Intra\_Red |
| \[s\]       | length      | Cap\_Relax~ | Cap\_Relax~ | Cap\_Relax~ |
|             | \[s\]       | \[s\]       | \[s\]       | \[s\]       |
|             |             | (number of  | (number of  | (number of  |
|             |             | DRX or eDRX | DRX or eDRX | DRX or      |
|             |             | INACTIVE    | INACTIVE    | INACTIVE    |
|             |             | cycles)     | cycles)     | eDRX        |
|             |             |             |             | cycles)     |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 20.48       | 0.32        | 11.52 x M2  | 1.28 x M2 x | 5.12 x M2 x |
| ≤eDRX\_IDLE |             | x K4 (36 x  | K4 (4 x M2  | K4 (16 x M2 |
| cycle       |             | M2 x K4)    | x K4)       | x K4)       |
| length      |             |             |             |             |
| ≤10485.76   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 0.64        | 17.92 x K4  | 1.28 x K4   | 5.12 x K4   |
|             |             | (28 x K4)   | (2 x K4)    | (8 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 1.28        | 32 x K4 (25 | 1.28 x K4   | 6.4 x K4 (5 |
|             |             | x K4)       | (1 x K4)    | x K4)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2.56        | 58.88 x K4  | 2.56 x K4   | 7.68 x K4   |
|             |             | (23 x K4)   | (1 x K4)    | (3 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 5.12        | 117.76 x K4 | 5.12 x K4   | 15.36 x K4  |
|             |             | (23 x K4)   | (1 x K4)    | (3 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 10.24       | 235.52 x K4 | 10.24 x K4  | 30.72 x K4  |
|             |             | (23 x K4)   | (1 x K4)    | (3 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: M2  |             |             |             |             |
| = 1.5 if    |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| of measured |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| cell \> 20  |             |             |             |             |
| ms;         |             |             |             |             |
| otherwise   |             |             |             |             |
| M2=1.       |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: K4  |             |             |             |             |
| = 6 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| measurement |             |             |             |             |
| relaxation  |             |             |             |             |
| factor      |             |             |             |             |
| applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for UE      |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *station    |             |             |             |             |
| aryMobility |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion.  |             |             |             |             |
| K4 = 3 is   |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| measurement |             |             |             |             |
| relaxation  |             |             |             |             |
| factor      |             |             |             |             |
| applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for UE      |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *           |             |             |             |             |
| lowMobility |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion   |             |             |             |             |
| or          |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *cellEdge   |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion.  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.1B.2.9-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for inactive Redcap UE configured
with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, (Frequency range FR2)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX or   | Scaling  | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | eDRX     | Factor   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | INACTIVE | (N1)     | R\_Intra | R\_Intra | R\_Intra |
| length   | cycle    |          | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |
| \[s\]    | length   |          | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
|          | \[s\]    |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          |          | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | or eDRX  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  |
|          |          |          | INACTIVE | INACTIVE | INACTIVE |
|          |          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48    | 0.32     | 8        | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
| ≤eD      |          |          | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | x K4 (36 | x K4 (4  | x K4 (16 |
| cycle    |          |          | x N1 x   | x N1 x   | x N1 x   |
| length   |          |          | M2 x K4) | M2 x K4) | M2 x K4) |
| ≤        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | 5        | 17.92x   | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  |
|          |          |          | (28 x N1 | (2 x N1  | (8 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K4)    | x K4)    | x K4)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | 4        | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x K4 (25 | N1 x K4  | x K4 (5  |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | (1 x N1  | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | K4)      | x K4)    | K4)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | 3        | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K4)    | x K4)    | x K4)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 5.12     | 3        | 117.76 x | 5.12 x   | 15.36 x  |
|          |          |          | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K4)    | x K4)    | x K4)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 10.24    | 3        | 235.52 x | 10.24 x  | 30.72 x  |
|          |          |          | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K4)    | x K4)    | x K4)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K4 = 6   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *stati   |          |          |          |          |          |
| onaryMob |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
| K4 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| c        |          |          |          |          |          |
| riterion |          |          |          |          |          |
| or       |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.1B.2.9-3: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for Redcap UE configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle and eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | RAN DRX  | eDRX     | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | INACTIVE | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | length   | PTW      | R\_Intra | R\_Intra | R\_Intra |
| and      | \[s\]    | length   | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |
|          |          | \[s\]    | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
| eDRX\_   |          | (number  | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
| INACTIVE |          | of 1.28  | (number  | (number  | (number  |
| cycle    |          | s        | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
| length   |          | periods) | or eDRX  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  |
| \[s\]    |          |          | INACTIVE | INACTIVE | INACTIVE |
|          |          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48≤eD | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| RX\_IDLE |          | (1)      | eDR}X_{\ | M2 x Kx  | M2 x Kx  |
| cycle    |          |          | text{cyc | (1 x 1.5 | (2 x     |
| length   |          |          | l}e_{\te | x Kx)    | 1.5)     |
| ≤163.84  |          |          | xt{lengt |          |          |
|          |          |          | h}}} \ti |          |          |
| 20.48    |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| ≤eDRX\_  |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          | }{\frac{ |          |          |
| length ≤ |          |          | \text{PT |          |          |
| 163.84   |          |          | W}}{\tex |          |          |
|          |          |          | t{DR}X_{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | \text{cy |          |          |
|          |          |          | cl}e_{\t |          |          |
|          |          |          | ext{leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th}}}}}  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \right\r |          |          |
|          |          |          | ceil \ti |          |          |
|          |          |          | mes Kx$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | Kx)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (1)      |          | Kx (1 x  | Kx (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | Kx)      | Kx)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (2)      |          | Kx (1 x  | Kx (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | Kx)      | Kx)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (4)      |          | Kx (1 x  | Kx (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | Kx)      | Kx)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle in |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| specific |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| value    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| by RRC   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of RAN   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW      |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX\_   |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 6:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Inter\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 7:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Kx = 6   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *stati   |          |          |          |          |          |
| onaryMob |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
| Kx = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| c        |          |          |          |          |          |
| riterion |          |          |          |          |          |
| or       |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 8:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.1B.2.9-4: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for Redcap UE configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle and eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle (Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | RAN DRX | eDRX    | Scaling | T~dete  | T~measu | T       |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | I       | Factor  | ct,NR\_ | re,NR\_ | ~evalua |
| cycle   | length  | NACTIVE | (N1)    | Intra\_ | Intra\_ | te,NR\_ |
| and     | \[s\]   | PTW     | ^Note1^ | RedCap\ | RedCap\ | Intra\_ |
|         |         | length  |         | _Relax~ | _Relax~ | RedCap\ |
| eDRX\_I |         | \[s\]   |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | _Relax~ |
| NACTIVE |         | (number |         | (number | (number | \[s\]   |
| cycle   |         | of 1.28 |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | (number |
| length  |         | s       |         | or eDRX | or eDRX | of DRX  |
| \[s\]   |         | p       |         | I       | I       | or eDRX |
|         |         | eriods) |         | NACTIVE | NACTIVE | I       |
|         |         |         |         | cycles) | cycles) | NACTIVE |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cycles) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20      | 0.32    | ≥5.12   | 8       | $$\tex  | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| .48≤eDR |         | (4)     |         | t{eDR}X | N1 x Kx | N1 x Kx |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | _{\text | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | {cycl}e | x Kx)   | x Kx)   |
| length  |         |         |         | _{\text |         |         |
| ≤163.84 |         |         |         | {length |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | }}} \ti |         |         |
| 20.48   |         |         |         | mes \le |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | ft\lcei |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         | l \frac |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         | {23 \ti |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         | mes N1} |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | {\frac{ |         |         |
| ≤163.84 |         |         |         | \text{P |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | TW}}{\t |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ext{DR} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | X_{\tex |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | t{cycl} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | e_{\tex |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | t{lengt |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | h}}}}}  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \right\ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | rceil\t |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ext{\ x |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \ Kx}$$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | Kx)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥6.4    | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (5)     |         |         | N1 x Kx | N1 x Kx |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x Kx)   | x Kx)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥10.24  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (8)     |         |         | N1 x Kx | N1 x Kx |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x Kx)   | x Kx)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | ≥15.36  | 3       |         | 2.56 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         | (12)    |         |         | N1 x Kx | N1 x Kx |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x Kx)   | x Kx)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of *PTW |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on*     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\lef   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\lceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  \frac{ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Tevalua |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| te,NR\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  Inter\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _ RedCa |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| p*DRX\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  cycle} |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {1.28}  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \right\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rceil*1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .28$*.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *5:*    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *When   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX\_  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| INACTIV |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| E=20.48 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s and   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| D       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RX=0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| allowed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| perform |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| every 2 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ycles.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pecific |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| value   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| by RRC  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[1\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 8: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| I       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| this    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[1\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 9: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Kx = 6  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *s      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| tationa |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ryMobil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ityEval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uation* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Kx = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *l      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| owMobil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ityEval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uation* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cr      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| iterion |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *cellE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| dgeEval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uation* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

#### 5.1B.2.10 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

The requirements in clause 4.2B.2.10 apply for UE configured with
relaxed measurement criterion except when UE is configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s and UE has fulfilled stationary
criterion or low mobility criterion or not-at-cell edge criterion.

If the UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s in
FR1 and FR2, and UE has fulfilled stationary criterion or low mobility
criterion or not-at-cell edge criterion, and

> \- when UE is not configured with eDRX by
> *ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* or *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is
> not signalled in SIB1, then the requirements in table 5.1B.2.10-1 and
> table 5.1B.2.10-2 respectively apply provided that eDRX\_IDLE cycle is
> ≤ 10485.76 sec, or

\- when UE is configured with eDRX by
*ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* and *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is
signalled in SIB1, the requirements defined in section 4.2B.2.10 shall
apply with T~detect,\ NR\_inter\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,\ NR\_inter\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,\ NR\_inter\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ defined in table 5.1B.2.10-3
and table 5.1B.2.10-4.

Table 5.1B.2.10-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for inactive Redcap UE configured
with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE  | DRX or eDRX | T           | T~          | T~e         |
| cycle       | INACTIVE    | ~detect,NR\ | measure,NR\ | valuate,NR\ |
| length      | cycle       | _Inter\_Red | _Inter\_Red | _Inter\_Red |
| \[s\]       | length      | Cap\_Relax~ | Cap\_Relax~ | Cap\_Relax~ |
|             | \[s\]       | \[s\]       | \[s\]       | \[s\]       |
|             |             | (number of  | (number of  | (number of  |
|             |             | DRX or eDRX | DRX or eDRX | DRX or      |
|             |             | INACTIVE    | INACTIVE    | INACTIVE    |
|             |             | cycles)     | cycles)     | eDRX        |
|             |             |             |             | cycles)     |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 20.48       | 0.32        | 11.52 x M2  | 1.28 x M2 x | 5.12 x M2 x |
| ≤eDRX\_IDLE |             | x K4 (36 x  | K4 (4 x M2  | K4 (16 x M2 |
| cycle       |             | M2 x K4)    | x K4)       | x K4)       |
| length ≤    |             |             |             |             |
| 10485.76    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 0.64        | 17.92 x K4  | 1.28 x K4   | 5.12 x K4   |
|             |             | (28 x K4)   | (2 x K4)    | (8 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 1.28        | 32 x K4 (25 | 1.28 x K4   | 6.4 x K4 (5 |
|             |             | x K4)       | (1 x K4)    | x K4)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2.56        | 58.88 x K4  | 2.56 x K4   | 7.68 x K4   |
|             |             | (23 x K4)   | (1 x K4)    | (3 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 5.12        | 117.76 x K4 | 5.12 x K4   | 15.36 x K4  |
|             |             | (23 x K4)   | (1 x K4)    | (3 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 10.24       | 235.52 x K4 | 10.24 x K4  | 30.72 x K4  |
|             |             | (23)        | (1 x K4)    | (3 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: M2  |             |             |             |             |
| = 1.5 if    |             |             |             |             |
| SMTC        |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| of measured |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| cell \> 20  |             |             |             |             |
| ms;         |             |             |             |             |
| otherwise   |             |             |             |             |
| M2=1.       |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: K4  |             |             |             |             |
| = 6 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| measurement |             |             |             |             |
| relaxation  |             |             |             |             |
| factor      |             |             |             |             |
| applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for UE      |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *station    |             |             |             |             |
| aryMobility |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion.  |             |             |             |             |
| K4 = 3 is   |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| measurement |             |             |             |             |
| relaxation  |             |             |             |             |
| factor      |             |             |             |             |
| applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for UE      |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *           |             |             |             |             |
| lowMobility |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion   |             |             |             |             |
| or          |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *cellEdge   |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion.  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.1B.2.10-2: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for inactive Redcap UE configured
with eDRX\_IDLE cycle, (Frequency range FR2)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | DRX or   | Scaling  | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | eDRX     | Factor   | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | INACTIVE | (N1)     | R\_Inter | R\_Inter | R\_Inter |
| length   | cycle    |          | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |
| \[s\]    | length   |          | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
|          | \[s\]    |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
|          |          |          | (number  | (number  | (number  |
|          |          |          | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
|          |          |          | or eDRX  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  |
|          |          |          | INACTIVE | INACTIVE | INACTIVE |
|          |          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| 20.48    | 0.32     | 8        | 11.52 x  | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
| ≤eD      |          |          | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  | N1 x M2  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | x K4 (36 | x K4 (4  | x K4 (16 |
| cycle    |          |          | x N1 x   | x N1 x   | x N1 x   |
| length   |          |          | M2 x K4) | M2 x K4) | M2 x K4) |
| ≤        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 10485.76 |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | 5        | 17.92x   | 1.28 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  |
|          |          |          | (28 x N1 | (2 x N1  | (8 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K4)    | x K4)    | x K4)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | 4        | 32 x N1  | 1.28 x   | 6.4 x N1 |
|          |          |          | x K4 (25 | N1 x K4  | x K4 (5  |
|          |          |          | x N1 x   | (1 x N1  | x N1 x   |
|          |          |          | K4)      | x K4)    | K4)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | 3        | 58.88 x  | 2.56 x   | 7.68 x   |
|          |          |          | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K4)    | x K4)    | x K4)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 5.12     | 3        | 117.76 x | 5.12 x   | 15.36 x  |
|          |          |          | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K4)    | x K4)    | x K4)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 10.24    | 3        | 235.52 x | 10.24 x  | 30.72 x  |
|          |          |          | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  | N1 x K4  |
|          |          |          | (23 x N1 | (1 x N1  | (3 x N1  |
|          |          |          | x K4)    | x K4)    | x K4)    |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2 = 1.5 |          |          |          |          |          |
| if SMTC  |          |          |          |          |          |
| per      |          |          |          |          |          |
| iodicity |          |          |          |          |          |
| of       |          |          |          |          |          |
| measured |          |          |          |          |          |
| intra-f  |          |          |          |          |          |
| requency |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell \>  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 20 ms;   |          |          |          |          |          |
| o        |          |          |          |          |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |          |          |
| M2=1.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| K4 = 6   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *stati   |          |          |          |          |          |
| onaryMob |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
| K4 = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| c        |          |          |          |          |          |
| riterion |          |          |          |          |          |
| or       |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.1B.2.10-3: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for Redcap UE configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle and eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | RAN DRX  | eDRX     | T~       | T~m      | T~ev     |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | INACTIVE | detect,N | easure,N | aluate,N |
| cycle    | length   | PTW      | R\_Inter | R\_Inter | R\_Inter |
| and      | \[s\]    | length   | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | \_RedCap |
|          |          | \[s\]    | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ |
| eDRX\_   |          | (number  | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    |
| INACTIVE |          | of 1.28  | (number  | (number  | (number  |
| cycle    |          | s        | of DRX   | of DRX   | of DRX   |
| length   |          | periods) | or eDRX  | or eDRX  | or eDRX  |
| \[s\]    |          |          | INACTIVE | INACTIVE | INACTIVE |
|          |          |          | cycles)  | cycles)  | cycles)  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48≤eD | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | $$\text{ | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| RX\_IDLE |          | (1)      | eDR}X_{\ | 1.5 x Kx | 1.5 x Kx |
| cycle    |          |          | text{cyc | (1 x 1.5 | (2 x     |
| length   |          |          | l}e_{\te | x Kx)    | 1.5)     |
| ≤163.84  |          |          | xt{lengt |          |          |
|          |          |          | h}}} \ti |          |          |
| 20.48    |          |          | mes \lef |          |          |
| ≤eDRX\_  |          |          | t\lceil  |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          | \frac{23 |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          | }{\frac{ |          |          |
| length ≤ |          |          | \text{PT |          |          |
| 163.84   |          |          | W}}{\tex |          |          |
|          |          |          | t{DR}X_{ |          |          |
|          |          |          | \text{cy |          |          |
|          |          |          | cl}e_{\t |          |          |
|          |          |          | ext{leng |          |          |
|          |          |          | th}}}}}  |          |          |
|          |          |          | \right\r |          |          |
|          |          |          | ceil \ti |          |          |
|          |          |          | mes Kx$$ |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          | (23 x    |          |          |
|          |          |          | Kx)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (1)      |          | Kx (1 x  | Kx (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | Kx)      | Kx)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (2)      |          | Kx (1 x  | Kx (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | Kx)      | Kx)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (4)      |          | Kx (1 x  | Kx (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | Kx)      | Kx)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle in |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| specific |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| value    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| by RRC   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of RAN   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW      |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of DRX   |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX\_   |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 6:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $        |          |          |          |          |          |
| \left\lc |          |          |          |          |          |
| eil \fra |          |          |          |          |          |
| c{Tevalu |          |          |          |          |          |
| ate,NR\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  Inter\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 7:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| Kx = 6   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *stati   |          |          |          |          |          |
| onaryMob |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
| Kx = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| c        |          |          |          |          |          |
| riterion |          |          |          |          |          |
| or       |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

Table 5.1B.2.10-4: T~detect,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Inter\_RedCap\_Relax~ for Redcap UE configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle and eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle (Frequency range FR2)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| eDR     | RAN DRX | eDRX    | Scaling | T~dete  | T~measu | T       |
| X\_IDLE | cycle   | I       | Factor  | ct,NR\_ | re,NR\_ | ~evalua |
| cycle   | length  | NACTIVE | (N1)    | Inter\_ | Inter\_ | te,NR\_ |
| and     | \[s\]   | PTW     | ^Note1^ | RedCap\ | RedCap\ | Inter\_ |
|         |         | length  |         | _Relax~ | _Relax~ | RedCap\ |
| eDRX\_I |         | \[s\]   |         | \[s\]   | \[s\]   | _Relax~ |
| NACTIVE |         | (number |         | (number | (number | \[s\]   |
| cycle   |         | of 1.28 |         | of DRX  | of DRX  | (number |
| length  |         | s       |         | or eDRX | or eDRX | of DRX  |
| \[s\]   |         | p       |         | I       | I       | or eDRX |
|         |         | eriods) |         | NACTIVE | NACTIVE | I       |
|         |         |         |         | cycles) | cycles) | NACTIVE |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | cycles) |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| 20      | 0.32    | ≥5.12   | 8       | $$\tex  | 0.32 x  | 0.64 x  |
| .48≤eDR |         | (4)     |         | t{eDR}X | N1 x Kx | N1 x Kx |
| X\_IDLE |         |         |         | _{\text | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
| cycle   |         |         |         | {cycl}e | x Kx)   | x Kx)   |
| length  |         |         |         | _{\text |         |         |
| ≤163.84 |         |         |         | {length |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | }}} \ti |         |         |
| 20.48   |         |         |         | mes \le |         |         |
| ≤       |         |         |         | ft\lcei |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         | l \frac |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         | {23 \ti |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         | mes N1} |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         | {\frac{ |         |         |
| ≤163.84 |         |         |         | \text{P |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | TW}}{\t |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ext{DR} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | X_{\tex |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | t{cycl} |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | e_{\tex |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | t{lengt |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | h}}}}}  |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \right\ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | rceil\t |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | ext{\ x |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | \ Kx}$$ |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | (23 x   |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | N1 x    |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | Kx)     |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 0.64    | ≥6.4    | 5       |         | 0.64 x  | 1.28 x  |
|         |         | (5)     |         |         | N1 x Kx | N1 x Kx |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x Kx)   | x Kx)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 1.28    | ≥10.24  | 4       |         | 1.28 x  | 2.56 x  |
|         |         | (8)     |         |         | N1 x Kx | N1 x Kx |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x Kx)   | x Kx)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 2.56    | ≥15.36  | 3       |         | 2.56 x  | 5.12 x  |
|         |         | (12)    |         |         | N1 x Kx | N1 x Kx |
|         |         |         |         |         | (1 x N1 | (2 x N1 |
|         |         |         |         |         | x Kx)   | x Kx)   |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Applies |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RedCap  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE of   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| all     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| class.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of DRX  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX\_I |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lengths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are as  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| section |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 10      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .5.5.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of TS   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 24.008  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[42\]. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 4: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| lower   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| bound   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of *PTW |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| length  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| derived |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| based   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on*     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| $\lef   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| t\lceil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  \frac{ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Tevalua |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| te,NR\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  Inter\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| _ RedCa |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| p*DRX\_ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|  cycle} |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| {1.28}  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \right\ |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rceil*1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| .28$*.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *5:     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| When    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX\_  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| INACTIV |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| E=20.48 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s and   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| D       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RX=0.32 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s, UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| allowed |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| perform |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cell    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eva     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| luation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| every 2 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \_I     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ycles.* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 6: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN DRX |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycle   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is UE   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| s       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pecific |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| value   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| by RRC  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| sp      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ecified |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[1\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 7: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| The     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| number  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| DRX     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cycles  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| within  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| RAN     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTWs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 8: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| eDRX    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| I       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NACTIVE |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW in  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| this    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is RAN  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PTW     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[1\].  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 9: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Kx = 6  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *s      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| tationa |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ryMobil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ityEval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uation* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Kx = 3  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is the  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| meas    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| urement |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rel     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| axation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| factor  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for UE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *l      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| owMobil |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ityEval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uation* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cr      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| iterion |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ful     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| filling |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| *cellE  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| dgeEval |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uation* |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| \[2\]   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cri     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| terion. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

#### 5.1B.2.11 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells for UE configured with relaxed measurement criterion

The requirements in clause 4.2B.2.11 apply for UE configured with
relaxed measurement criterion except when UE is configured with
eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s and UE has fulfilled stationary
criterion or low mobility criterion or not-at-cell edge criterion.

If the UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle greater than 10.24 s in
FR1 and FR2, and UE has fulfilled stationary criterion or low mobility
criterion or not-at-cell edge criterion, and

\- when UE is not configured with eDRX by
*ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* or *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is not
signalled in SIB1, then the requirements in table 5.1B.2.11-1 apply
provided that eDRX\_IDLE cycle is ≤ 10485.76 sec, or

\- when UE is configured with eDRX by
*ran-ExtendedPagingCycleConfig-r18* and *eDRX-AllowedInactive-r18* is
signalled in SIB1, the requirements defined in section 4.2B.2.11 shall
apply with T~detect,\ EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,\ EUTRAN\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,\ EUTRAN\ \_RedCap\_Relax~ defined in table 5.1B.2.11-2.

Table 5.1B.2.11-1: T~detect,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ and
T~evaluate,NR\_Intra\_RedCap\_Relax~ for inactive Redcap UE configured
with eDRX\_IDLE cycle (Frequency range FR1)

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| eDRX\_IDLE  | DRX or eDRX | T~detect,\  | T           | T~          |
| cycle       | INACTIVE    | EUTRAN\_Red | ~measure,\  | evaluate,\  |
| length      | cycle       | Cap\_Relax~ | EUTRAN\_Red | EUTRAN\_Red |
| \[s\]       | length      | \[s\]       | Cap\_Relax~ | Cap\_Relax~ |
|             | \[s\]       | (number of  | \[s\]       | \[s\]       |
|             |             | DRX or eDRX | (number of  | (number of  |
|             |             | INACTIVE    | DRX or eDRX | DRX or      |
|             |             | cycles)     | INACTIVE    | INACTIVE    |
|             |             |             | cycles)     | eDRX        |
|             |             |             |             | cycles)     |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 20.48       | 0.32        | 11.52 x M2  | 1.28 x M2 x | 5.12 x M2 x |
| ≤eDRX\_IDLE |             | x K4 (36 x  | K4 (4 x M2  | K4 (16 x M2 |
| cycle       |             | M2 x K4)    | x K4)       | x K4)       |
| length ≤    |             |             |             |             |
| 10485.76    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 0.64        | 17.92 x K4  | 1.28 x K4   | 5.12 x K4   |
|             |             | (28 x K4)   | (2 x K4)    | (8 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 1.28        | 32 x K4 (25 | 1.28 x K4   | 6.4 x K4 (5 |
|             |             | x K4)       | (1 x K4)    | x K4)       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 2.56        | 58.88 x K4  | 2.56 x K4   | 7.68 x K4   |
|             |             | (23 x K4)   | (1 x K4)    | (3 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 5.12        | 117.76 x K4 | 5.12 x K4   | 15.36 x K4  |
|             |             | (23 x K4)   | (1 x K4)    | (3 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 10.24       | 235.52 x K4 | 10.24 x K4  | 30.72 x K4  |
|             |             | (23 x K4)   | (1 x K4)    | (3 x K4)    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE1: M2 = |             |             |             |             |
| 1.5 if SMTC |             |             |             |             |
| periodicity |             |             |             |             |
| of measured |             |             |             |             |
| intr        |             |             |             |             |
| a-frequency |             |             |             |             |
| cell \> 20  |             |             |             |             |
| ms;         |             |             |             |             |
| otherwise   |             |             |             |             |
| M2=1.       |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: K4  |             |             |             |             |
| = 6 is the  |             |             |             |             |
| measurement |             |             |             |             |
| relaxation  |             |             |             |             |
| factor      |             |             |             |             |
| applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for UE      |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *station    |             |             |             |             |
| aryMobility |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion.  |             |             |             |             |
| K4 = 3 is   |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| measurement |             |             |             |             |
| relaxation  |             |             |             |             |
| factor      |             |             |             |             |
| applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for UE      |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *           |             |             |             |             |
| lowMobility |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion   |             |             |             |             |
| or          |             |             |             |             |
| fulfilling  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| *cellEdge   |             |             |             |             |
| Evaluation* |             |             |             |             |
| \[2\]       |             |             |             |             |
| criterion.  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Table 5.1B.2.11-2: T~detect,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~,
T~measure,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax,~ and T~evaluate,EUTRAN\_RedCap\_Relax~
for UE configured with eDRX\_IDLE cycle and eDRX\_INACTIVE ≥ 20.48 s,
(Frequency range FR1)

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| eD       | RAN DRX  | eDRX     | T~detec  | T~measur | T~       |
| RX\_IDLE | cycle    | Inactive | t,EUTRAN | e,EUTRAN | evaluate |
| cycle    | length   | PTW      | \_RedCap | \_RedCap | ,E-UTRAN |
| and      | \[s\]    | length   | \_Relax~ | \_Relax~ | \_RedCap |
|          |          | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \[s\]    | \_Relax~ |
| eDRX\_   |          | (*       | (number  | (number  |          |
| Inactive |          | **number | of RAN   | of RAN   | \[s\]    |
| cycle    |          | of 1.28  | DRX      | DRX      | (number  |
| length   |          | s        | cycles   | cycles   | of RAN   |
| \[s\]    |          | per      | ^N       | ^N       | DRX      |
|          |          | iods***) | ote\ 3^) | ote\ 3^) | cycles   |
|          |          |          |          |          | ^N       |
|          |          |          |          |          | ote\ 3^) |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| 20.48 ≤  | 0.32     | ≥1.28    | $\text{e | 0.32 x   | 0.64 x   |
| eD       |          | (1)      | DRX}\_ c | Kx (1 x  | Kx (2 x  |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          | \text{yc | Kx)      | Kx)      |
| cycle    |          |          | le}\_ l\ |          |          |
| length ≤ |          |          | text{eng |          |          |
| 163.84   |          |          | t}h \tim |          |          |
|          |          |          | es \left |          |          |
| 20.48 ≤  |          |          | \lceil \ |          |          |
| eDRX\_   |          |          | frac{23} |          |          |
| INACTIVE |          |          | {\left\l |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          | ceil PTW |          |          |
| length ≤ |          |          | /DRX\_ c |          |          |
| 163.84   |          |          | \text{yc |          |          |
|          |          |          | le}\_ l\ |          |          |
|          |          |          | text{eng |          |          |
|          |          |          | t}h \rig |          |          |
|          |          |          | ht\rceil |          |          |
|          |          |          | } \right |          |          |
|          |          |          | \rceil$x |          |          |
|          |          |          | Kx (23 x |          |          |
|          |          |          | Kx)      |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 0.64     | ≥1.28    |          | 0.64 x   | 1.28 x   |
|          |          | (1)      |          | Kx (1 x  | Kx (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | Kx)      | Kx)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 1.28     | ≥2.56    |          | 1.28 x   | 2.56 x   |
|          |          | (2)      |          | Kx (1 x  | Kx (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | Kx)      | Kx)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|          | 2.56     | ≥5.12    |          | 2.56 x   | 5.12 x   |
|          |          | (4)      |          | Kx (1 x  | Kx (2 x  |
|          |          |          |          | Kx)      | Kx)      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle in |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| UE       |          |          |          |          |          |
| specific |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| value    |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| by RRC   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| number   |          |          |          |          |          |
| of RAN   |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX      |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| in this  |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| given    |          |          |          |          |          |
| for the  |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN DRX  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles   |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTWs.    |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| Inactive |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| this     |          |          |          |          |          |
| table is |          |          |          |          |          |
| RAN      |          |          |          |          |          |
| co       |          |          |          |          |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW      |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[1\].   |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 4:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX\_IDLE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are as   |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in       |          |          |          |          |          |
| section  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1        |          |          |          |          |          |
| 0.5.5.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| of TS    |          |          |          |          |          |
| 24.008   |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[42\].  |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 5:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX\_   |          |          |          |          |          |
| INACITVE |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycle    |          |          |          |          |          |
| lengths  |          |          |          |          |          |
| are      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *ra      |          |          |          |          |          |
| n-Extend |          |          |          |          |          |
| edPaging |          |          |          |          |          |
| CycleCon |          |          |          |          |          |
| fig-r18* |          |          |          |          |          |
| as       |          |          |          |          |          |
| s        |          |          |          |          |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |          |          |
| in \[2\] |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| NOTE 6:  |          |          |          |          |          |
| The      |          |          |          |          |          |
| lower    |          |          |          |          |          |
| bound of |          |          |          |          |          |
| *PTW     |          |          |          |          |          |
| length   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is       |          |          |          |          |          |
| derived  |          |          |          |          |          |
| based    |          |          |          |          |          |
| on*      |          |          |          |          |          |
| $\left\l |          |          |          |          |          |
| ceil \fr |          |          |          |          |          |
| ac{Teval |          |          |          |          |          |
| uate,E - |          |          |          |          |          |
|  UTRAN\_ |          |          |          |          |          |
|  RedCap* |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX\_ cy |          |          |          |          |          |
| cle}{1.2 |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8} \righ |          |          |          |          |          |
| t\rceil* |          |          |          |          |          |
| 1.28$*.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| *NOTE 7: |          |          |          |          |          |
| When     |          |          |          |          |          |
| eD       |          |          |          |          |          |
| RX=20.48 |          |          |          |          |          |
| s and    |          |          |          |          |          |
| DRX=0.32 |          |          |          |          |          |
| s, UE is |          |          |          |          |          |
| allowed  |          |          |          |          |          |
| to       |          |          |          |          |          |
| perform  |          |          |          |          |          |
| cell     |          |          |          |          |          |
| ev       |          |          |          |          |          |
| aluation |          |          |          |          |          |
| within   |          |          |          |          |          |
| PTW in   |          |          |          |          |          |
| every 2  |          |          |          |          |          |
| eDRX     |          |          |          |          |          |
| cycles.* |          |          |          |          |          |
|          |          |          |          |          |          |
| *NOTE*   |          |          |          |          |          |
| 8: Kx =  |          |          |          |          |          |
| 6 is the |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *stati   |          |          |          |          |          |
| onaryMob |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
| Kx = 3   |          |          |          |          |          |
| is the   |          |          |          |          |          |
| mea      |          |          |          |          |          |
| surement |          |          |          |          |          |
| re       |          |          |          |          |          |
| laxation |          |          |          |          |          |
| factor   |          |          |          |          |          |
| ap       |          |          |          |          |          |
| plicable |          |          |          |          |          |
| for UE   |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *lowMob  |          |          |          |          |          |
| ilityEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| c        |          |          |          |          |          |
| riterion |          |          |          |          |          |
| or       |          |          |          |          |          |
| fu       |          |          |          |          |          |
| lfilling |          |          |          |          |          |
| the      |          |          |          |          |          |
| *cel     |          |          |          |          |          |
| lEdgeEva |          |          |          |          |          |
| luation* |          |          |          |          |          |
| \[2\]    |          |          |          |          |          |
| cr       |          |          |          |          |          |
| iterion. |          |          |          |          |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+

5.1C Cell Re-selection for Satellite Access
-------------------------------------------

### 5.1C.1 Introduction

The cell reselection procedure allows the UE to select a more suitable
cell and camp on it.

When the UE is in *Camped Normally* state on a cell, the UE shall
attempt to detect, synchronise, and monitor intra-frequency,
inter-frequency and inter-RAT cells indicated by the serving cell. For
intra-frequency, inter-frequency and inter-RAT cells the serving cell
may provide explicit neighbour list, or only carrier frequency
information and bandwidth information. UE measurement activity is also
controlled by measurement rules defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], allowing the
UE to limit its measurement activity. The requirements in this clause
shall apply for the quasi-earth\_fixed cell and the earth\_moving cell.

### 5.1C.2 Requirements

#### 5.1C.2.1 UE measurement capability

The requirements in clause 4.2C.2.1 shall apply.

#### 5.1C.2.2 Measurement and evaluation of serving cell

The requirements in clause 4.2C.2.2 shall apply.

#### 5.1C.2.3 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells

The requirements in clause 4.2C.2.3 shall apply. The requirements in
clause 4.2C.2.7 apply for UE configured with relaxed measurement
criterion.

#### 5.1C.2.4 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells

The requirements in clause 4.2C.2.4 shall apply. The requirements in
clause 4.2C.2.8 apply for UE configured with relaxed measurement
criterion.

#### 5.1C.2.5 Maximum interruption in paging reception

The requirements in clause 4.2C.2.5 shall apply.

#### 5.1C.2.6 General requirements

The requirements in clause 4.2C.2.9 shall apply.

#### 5.1C.2.7 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells with TN carrier

The requirements in clause 4.2C.2.10 shall apply.

#### 5.1C.2.8 Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells with TN carrier

The requirements in clause 4.2C.2.11 shall apply.

### 5.1C.3 Void

### 5.1C.4 Void

5.1D Cell Re-selection for ATG
------------------------------

### 5.1D.1 Introduction

The cell reselection procedure allows the UE to select a more suitable
cell and camp on it.

When the UE is in *Camped Normally* state on a cell, the UE shall
attempt to detect, synchronise, and monitor intra-frequency and
inter-frequency cells indicated by the serving cell. For intra-frequency
and inter-frequency cells the serving cell may provide explicit
neighbour list, or only carrier frequency information and bandwidth
information. UE measurement activity is also controlled by measurement
rules defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], allowing the UE to limit its
measurement activity.

### 5.1D.2 Requirements

#### 5.1D.2.1 UE measurement capability

The requirements in clause 4.2D.2.1 shall apply.

#### 5.1D.2.2 Measurement and evaluation of serving cell

The requirements in clause 4.2D.2.2 shall apply.

#### 5.1D.2.3 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells

The requirements in clause 4.2D.2.3 shall apply.

#### 5.1D.2.4 Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells

The requirements in clause 4.2D.2.4 shall apply.

#### 5.1D.2.5 Maximum interruption in paging reception

The requirements in clause 4.2D.2.5 shall apply.

#### 5.1D.2.6 General requirements

The requirements in clause 4.2D.2.6 shall apply.

5.2 Void
--------

5.2B Configured Grant based Small Data Transmissions (CG-SDT) for RedCap
------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 5.2B.1 Introduction

This section contains the requirements for Small Data Transmissions
(SDT) for 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap.

The 1 Rx RedCap UE for determining whether to perform SDT procedure
defined in clause 5.27 \[7\] applies:

\- sdt-RSRP-Threshold-r17 as the signaled value of
sdt-RSRP-Threshold-r17 \[2\] + 1 dB.

### 5.2B.2 Requirements on UE synchronization for small data transmissions for RedCap

The requirements in this clause are applicable for the RedCap UE
performing small data transmissions using configured resources as TS
38.331 \[2\].

The UE is allowed to transmit using the configured uplink resources
provided that the UE is synchronized towards (i.e. *using the timing
derived using the latest available* $N_{\text{TA}}$ *value as specified
in subclause 7.1A.2*) the serving cell prior to transmission. If the UE
is not able to obtain the synchronization towards the serving cell then
the UE shall drop the small data transmission. The UE determines the
small data transmission occasion according to the received CG-SDT
configuration TS 38.331 \[2\].

#### 5.2B.2.1 Void

### 5.2B.3 TA validation requirements for RedCap

*When cg-SDT-RSRP-ChangeThreshold* TS 38.331 *\[2\] is configured for TA
validation based on the RSRP change criterion according to clause*
5.*8*.2 *in* TS 38.321 *\[7\], the UE is allowed to transmit using
CG-SDT using the timing derived using the latest available*
$N_{\text{TA}}$ *value as specified in subclause 7.1 provided that*

\- the first RSRP (RSRP~1~) measurement and the second RSRP (RSRP~2~)
measurements used in the TA validation are valid measurements and,

\- timing alignment validation for transmission using CG-SDT is valid
according to the validation criteria in clause 5.8.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~ are* considered valid provided that the conditions
in table5.2B.3-1 are met for FR1 when UE is not configured with any eDRX
cycle by serving gNB or core network.

*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~ are* considered valid provided that the conditions
in table 5.2B.3-2 are met for FR2 regardless of whether the UE is
configured with eDRX cycle by serving gNB or core network (AMF).

*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~ are* considered valid provided that the conditions
in table 5.2B.3-3 are met for FR1 when UE is configured:

\- only with CN eDRX cycle (T~eDRX-CN~) by core network (AMF), or

\- with both RAN eDRX cycle (T~eDRX-RAN~) by serving gNB and T~eDRX-CN~
by the core network (AMF) and T~eDRX-RAN~ ≤10.24s.

*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~ are* considered valid provided that the conditions
in table 5.2B.3-1 are met for FR1 when UE is configured with both
T~eDRX-RAN~ by serving gNB and CN eDRX cycle (T~eDRX-CN~) by the core
network (AMF) and T~eDRX-RAN~ \>10.24s.

Table 5.2B.3-1 Valid measurement for FR1 without eDRX cycle

  Measurement   FR1
  ------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  RSRP~1~       (T1 -- min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~)) ≤ T1' ≤ (T1 + min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~))
  RSRP~2~       (T2 -- min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~)) ≤ T2' ≤ T2

Table 5.2B.3-2 Valid measurement for FR2

  Measurement   FR2
  ------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  RSRP~1~       (T1 -- max{480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity}) ≤ T1' ≤ (T1 + max{480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity})
  RSRP~2~       (T2 -- max{480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity}) ≤ T2' ≤ T2

Table 5.2B.3-3 Valid measurement for FR1 when RAN eDRX cycle is not
configured or RAN eDRX cycle≤10.24s

  Measurement                                                 FR1
  ----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  RSRP~1~                                                     (T1 -- min(640 ms, M1\* T)) ≤ T1' ≤ (T1 + min(640 ms, M1\* T))
  RSRP~2~                                                     (T2 -- min(640 ms, M1\* T)) ≤ T2' ≤ T2
  NOTE 1: T is determined according to clause 7.1 in \[1\].   

If at least one of *RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~* is considered to be invalid
based on the above conditions, then the UE shall not validate the CG-SDT
using *RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~* and shall not transmit using CG-SDT.
Additionally for the initial CG-SDT transmission, the UE shall not
transmit in an CG-SDT occasion that occurs more than 640 ms after T2.

*Where:*

\- T1 is the time when the latest $N_{\text{TA}}$was obtained by the UE
via:

\- *RRCRelease* with CG-SDT configuration (TS 38.331 \[2\]) is received,
or

\- the latest TA is received if TA is received while in RRC\_INACITVE
state.

\- T1' is the time when the UE has completed RSRP~1~.

\- T2 is the time when the UE performs TA validation as defined in
clause 5.8.2.x in \[7\] for transmission using CG-SDT.

\- T2' is the time when the UE has completed RSRP~2~.

\- T~DRX~ is the DRX cycle length in ms.

\- M1 the scaling factor as defined in clause 4.2.2.2.

#### 5.2B.3.1 Void

#### 5.2B.3.2 Void

### 5.2B.4 Scheduling restriction

The requirements in clause 5.5.4 shall apply for RedCap UEs.

### 5.2B.5 Applicability conditions for CG-SDT for RedCap

The UE is not required to meet the following measurement requirements
during subsequent SDT transmissions:

\- Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells in clause 5.1B.2.4

\- Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells in clause 5.1B.2.5

5.3 Minimization of Drive Tests (MDT)
-------------------------------------

### 5.3.1 Introduction

UE supporting minimisation of drive tests in RRC\_INACTIVE shall be
capable of:

\- logging measurements in RRC\_INACTIVE, reporting the logged
measurements and meeting requirements in clause 5.3.1;

\- logging of RRC connection establishment failure, reporting the logged
failure and meeting requirements in clause 5.3.1;

\- logging of radio link failure and handover failure, reporting the
logged failure and meeting requirements in clause 5.3.1.

The logged MDT requirements consist of measurement requirements as
specified in clause 5.3.2 and relative time stamp accuracy requirements
as specified in clause 5.3.3. Both sets of requirements are applicable
for intra-frequency, inter-frequency and inter-RAT cases in
RRC\_INACTIVE state. The MDT procedures are described in TS 37.320
\[31\].

For RRC connection establishment failure logging and reporting, the MDT
requirements consist of requirements for measurements performed and
logged in RRC\_INACTIVE state specified in clause 5.3.2 and relative
time stamp accuracy requirement for RRC connection establishment failure
log reporting as specified in clause 5.3.4.

### 5.3.2 Measurement Requirements

The measurements and measurement requirements applicable for MDT in
RRC\_INACTIVE are the same as specified for MDT in RRC\_IDLE in clause
4.3.2.

### 5.3.3 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy

The requirements for relative time stamp accuracy applicable for MDT in
RRC\_INACTIVE are the same as specified for MDT in RRC\_IDLE in clause
4.3.3.

### 5.3.4 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy for RRC Connection Establishment Failure Log Reporting

The requirements for relative time stamp accuracy for RRC connection
establishment failure applicable for MDT in RRC\_INACTIVE are the same
as specified for MDT in RRC\_IDLE in clause 4.3.4.

### 5.3.5 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy for Radio Link Failure and Handover Failure Log Reporting

The requirements for relative time stamp accuracy for RRC link failure
and handover failure applicable for MDT in RRC\_INACTIVE are the same as
specified for MDT in RRC\_IDLE in clause 4.3.5.

### 5.3.6 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy for RRC Resume Failure Log Reporting

The requirements for relative time stamp accuracy for RRC resume failure
applicable for MDT in RRC\_INACTIVE are the same as specified for MDT in
RRC\_IDLE in clause 4.3.4.

5.3C Minimization of Drive Tests (MDT) for Satellite Access
-----------------------------------------------------------

*Editor's note: the exact signalling names in the clause and values are
subject to confirmation by RAN2 and change during performance
requirement phase, respectively. And the brackets shall be removed by
further agreements.*

### 5.3C.1 Introduction

UE supporting minimisation of drive tests in RRC\_INACTIVE shall be
capable of:

\- logging measurements in RRC\_INACTIVE, reporting the logged
measurements and meeting requirements in clause 5.3C;

\- logging of RRC connection establishment failure, reporting the logged
failure and meeting requirements in clause 5.3C;

\- logging of radio link failure and handover failure, reporting the
logged failure and meeting requirements in clause 5.3C.

The logged MDT requirements consist of measurement requirements as
specified in clause 5.3C.2 and relative time stamp accuracy requirements
as specified in clause 5.3C.3. Both sets of requirements are applicable
for intra-frequency and inter-frequency cases in RRC\_INACTIVE state.
The MDT procedures are described in TS 37.320 \[31\].

For RRC connection establishment failure logging and reporting, the MDT
requirements consist of requirements for measurements performed and
logged in RRC\_INACTIVE state specified in clause 5.3C.2 and relative
time stamp accuracy requirement for RRC connection establishment failure
log reporting as specified in clause 5.3C.4.

### 5.3C.2 Measurement Requirements

The measurements and measurement requirements applicable for MDT in
RRC\_INACTIVE are the same as specified for MDT in RRC\_IDLE in clause
4.3C.2.

### 5.3C.3 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy

The requirements for relative time stamp accuracy applicable for MDT in
RRC\_INACTIVE are the same as specified for MDT in RRC\_IDLE in clause
4.3C.3.

### 5.3C.4 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy for RRC Connection Establishment Failure Log Reporting

The requirements for relative time stamp accuracy for RRC connection
establishment failure applicable for MDT in RRC\_INACTIVE are the same
as specified for MDT in RRC\_IDLE in clause 4.3C.4.

### 5.3C.5 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy for Radio Link Failure and Handover Failure Log Reporting

The requirements for relative time stamp accuracy for RRC link failure
and handover failure applicable for MDT in RRC\_INACTIVE are the same as
specified for MDT in RRC\_IDLE in clause 4.3C.5.

### 5.3C.6 Requirements for Relative Time Stamp Accuracy for RRC Resume Failure Log Reporting

The requirements for relative time stamp accuracy for RRC resume failure
applicable for MDT in RRC\_INACTIVE are the same as specified for MDT in
RRC\_IDLE in clause 4.3C.4.

5.4 Inactive Mode CA/DC Measurements
------------------------------------

### 5.4.1 Introduction

A UE supporting *idleInactiveNR-MeasReport-r16*,
*idleInactiveEUTRA-MeasReport-r16 or idleInactiveNR-MeasReport-r17*
shall perform the inactive mode measurement on the inter-frequency CA
and DC candidate frequencies/cells and E-UTRAN inter-RAT DC candidate
frequencies/cells indicated by higher layers and meet the requirement
specified in this clause. The UE shall perform inactive mode
measurements provided that the serving cell support early measurement
and is within the validity area. The inactive mode measurement
requirements apply to a configured carrier frequency and the serving
cell are among the supported band combination of the UE.

### 5.4.2 Measurement Requirements

The requirements in clause 4.4.2 shall apply.

#### 5.4.2.1 Detected cell requirement during state transition and inactive mode

The requirements in clause 4.4.2.1 shall apply.

#### 5.4.2.2 Measurements of inter-frequency CA/DC candidate cells

The requirements in clause 4.4.2.2 shall apply.

#### 5.4.2.3 Measurements on serving cell

The requirements in clause 4.4.2.3 shall apply.

#### 5.4.2.4 Measurements on E-UTRAN inter-RAT DC candidate cells

The requirements in clause 4.4.2.4 shall apply.

5.5 Configured Grant based Small Data Transmissions (CG-SDT)
------------------------------------------------------------

### 5.5.1 Introduction

The requirements in this clause are applicable when the UE is configured
with timing alignment (TA) validation using
*cg-SDT-RSRP-ChangeThreshold* for transmitting in uplink using CG-SDT as
specified in TS 38.331 \[2\].

### 5.5.2 Requirements on UE synchronization for small data transmissions

The requirements in this clause are applicable for the UE performing
small data transmissions using configured resources as TS 38.331 \[2\].

The UE is allowed to transmit using the configured uplink resources
provided that the UE is synchronized towards (i.e. *using the timing
derived using the latest available* $N_{\text{TA}}$ *value as specified
in subclause 7.1.2*) the serving cell prior to transmission. If the UE
is not able to obtain the synchronization towards the serving cell, then
the UE shall drop the small data transmission. The UE determines the
small data transmission occasion according to the received CG-SDT
configuration \[2\].

### 5.5.3 TA validation requirements

*When cg-SDT-RSRP-ChangeThreshold \[2\] is configured for TA validation
based on the RSRP change criterion according to clause 5.8.2 in* TS
38.331 *\[7\], the UE is allowed to transmit using CG-SDT using the
timing derived using the latest available* $N_{\text{TA}}$ *value as
specified in subclause 7.1 provided that*

\- the first RSRP (RSRP~1~) measurement and the second RSRP (RSRP~2~)
measurements used in the TA validation are valid measurements and,

\- timing alignment validation for transmission using CG-SDT is valid
according to the validation criteria in clause 5.8.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~ are* considered valid provided that the conditions
in table 5.5.3-1 are met for FR1 when UE is not configured with any eDRX
cycle by serving gNB or core network.

*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~ are* considered valid provided that the conditions
in table 5.5.3-2 are met for FR2-1 regardless of whether the UE is
configured with eDRX cycle by serving gNB or core network (AMF).

*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~ are* considered valid provided that the conditions
in table 5.5.3-3 are met for FR1 when UE is configured:

\- only with CN eDRX cycle (T~eDRX-CN~) by the core network (AMF), or

\- with both RAN eDRX cycle (T~eDRX-RAN~) by serving gNB and CN eDRX
cycle (T~eDRX-CN~) by the core network (AMF) and T~eDRX-RAN~ ≤10.24s.

*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~ are* considered valid provided that the conditions
in table 5.5.3-1 are met for FR1 when UE is configured with both RAN
eDRX cycle (T~eDRX-RAN~) by serving gNB and CN eDRX cycle (T~eDRX-CN~)
by the core network (AMF) and T~eDRX-RAN~ \>10.24s.

Table 5.5.3-1 Valid measurement for FR1 for UE not configured with eDRX
cycle

  Measurement   FR1
  ------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  RSRP~1~       (T1 -- min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~)) ≤ T1' ≤ (T1 + min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~))
  RSRP~2~       (T2 -- min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~)) ≤ T2' ≤ T2

Table 5.5.3-2 Valid measurement for FR2-1

  Measurement   FR2-1
  ------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  RSRP~1~       (T1 -- max(480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity)) ≤ T1' ≤ (T1 + max(480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity))
  RSRP~2~       (T2 -- max(480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity)) ≤ T2' ≤ T2

Table 5.5.3-3 Valid measurement for FR1 for UE configured when RAN
eDRX\_cycle is not configured or RAN eDRX cycle ≤ 10.24s

  Measurement                                                 FR1
  ----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------
  RSRP~1~                                                     (T1 -- min(640 ms, M1\* T)) ≤ T1' ≤ (T1 + min(640 ms, M1\* T))
  RSRP~2~                                                     (T2 -- min(640 ms, M1\* T)) ≤ T2' ≤ T2
  NOTE 1: T is determined according to clause 7.1 in \[1\].   

If at least one of *RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~* is considered to be invalid
based on the above conditions, then the UE shall not validate the CG-SDT
using *RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~* and shall not transmit using CG-SDT.
Additionally, for the initial CG-SDT transmission, the UE shall not
transmit in an CG-SDT occasion that occurs more than 640 ms after T2.

*Where:*

\- T1 is the time when

\- *RRCRelease* with CG-SDT configuration (TS 38.331 \[2\]) is received,
or

\- the latest TA is received if TA is received while in RRC\_INACITVE
state.

\- T1' is the time when the UE has completed RSRP~1~.

\- T2 is the time when the UE performs TA validation as defined in
clause 5.27.2 in (TS 38.321 \[7\]) for transmission using CG-SDT.

\- T2' is the time when the UE has completed RSRP~2~.

\- T~DRX~ is the DRX cycle length in ms.

\- M1 the scaling factor as defined in clause 4.2.2.2.

### 5.5.4 Scheduling restriction

#### 5.5.4.1 Scheduling availability of UE performing measurements in TDD bands on FR1

When the UE performs intra-frequency measurements in a TDD band, the
following restrictions apply due to SS-RSRP measurement

\- The UE is not expected to transmit PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS on SSB symbols to
be measured, and on 1 data symbol before each consecutive SSB symbols to
be measured and 1 data symbol after each consecutive SSB symbols to be
measured within SMTC window duration.

When the UE performs intra-frequency measurements in a TDD band, the
following restrictions apply due to SS-RSRQ measurement

\- The UE is not expected to transmit PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS on SSB symbols to
be measured, RSSI measurement symbols, and on 1 data symbol before each
consecutive SSB to be measured/RSSI symbols and 1 data symbol after each
consecutive SSB to be measured/RSSI symbols within SMTC window duration.

#### 5.5.4.2 Scheduling availability of UE performing measurements with a different subcarrier spacing than PDSCH/PDCCH on FR1

For UE which do not support *simultaneousRxDataSSB-DiffNumerology*
\[14\] the following restrictions apply due to SS-RSRP/RSRQ measurement

\- If *deriveSSB\_IndexFromCell* is enabled the UE is not expected to
transmit PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS or receive PDCCH/PDSCH on SSB symbols to be
measured, and on 1 data symbol before each consecutive SSB symbols to be
measured and 1 data symbol after each consecutive SSB symbols to be
measured within SMTC window duration.

\- If *deriveSSB\_IndexFromCell* is not enabled the UE is not expected
to transmit PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS or receive PDCCH/PDSCH on all symbols within
SMTC window duration.

For UEs which do not support *simultaneousRxDataSSB-DiffNumerology*
\[14\] the following restrictions apply due to measurement of serving
cell.

\- The UE is not expected to transmit PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS or receive
PDCCH/PDSCH/ on SSB symbols of the serving cell.

#### 5.5.4.3 Scheduling availability of UE performing measurements on FR2

The following scheduling restriction applies due to SS-RSRP measurement
on an FR2 intra-frequency cell

\- The UE is not expected to transmit PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS or receive
PDCCH/PDSCH on SSB symbols to be measured, and on 1 data symbol before
each consecutive SSB symbols to be measured and 1 data symbol after each
consecutive SSB symbols to be measured within SMTC window duration (The
signalling *deriveSSB\_IndexFromCell* is always enabled for FR2).

The following scheduling restriction applies to SS-RSRQ measurement on
an FR2 intra-frequency cell

\- The UE is not expected to transmit PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS or receive
PDCCH/PDSCH/ on SSB symbols to be measured, RSSI measurement symbols,
and on 1 data symbol before each consecutive SSB to be measured/RSSI
symbols and 1 data symbol after each consecutive SSB to be measured/RSSI
symbols within SMTC window duration (The signalling
*deriveSSB\_IndexFromCellc* is always enabled for FR2).

The following scheduling restriction applies to measurement on an FR2
serving cell

\- The UE is not expected to transmit PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS or receive
PDCCH/PDSCH/ on SSB symbols of the serving cell.

### 5.5.5 Applicability conditions for SDT

The UE is not required to meet the following measurement requirements
during subsequent SDT transmissions:

\- Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells in clause 5.1.2.4

\- Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells in clause 5.1.2.5

\- Inactive Mode CA/DC Measurements in clause 5.4

The UE is allowed to delay the reception of PRS resources on the
positioning frequency layer until the SDT session is completed if the
measurement using PRS resource overlaps with the SDT resources.

5.5D Configured Grant based Small Data Transmissions (CG-SDT) for ATG
---------------------------------------------------------------------

The requirements in clause 5.5 shall apply only for FR1.

5.6 NR measurements for positioning
-----------------------------------

### 5.6.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements for UE capable of performing NR
positioning measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\], including RSTD,
PRS-RSRP, UE Rx-Tx time difference, PRS-RSRPP, RSCPD and RSCP in
RRC\_INACTIVE state. For RSTD and UE Rx-Tx time difference, measurement
requirements are specified both with and without aggregation of PRS
resources from multiple PFLs. Requirements for RSCPD are specified only
for measurements reported together with RSTD. Requirements for RSCP are
specified only for measurements reported together with UE Rx-Tx time
difference measurement.

The requirements in clauses 5.6.2, 5.6.3, 5.6.4, 5.6.5, 5.6.7, and 5.6.8
are applicable to PRS resources that do not collide with other DL
signals/channels which include SSB, SIB1, CORESET0, MSG2/MSGB, paging
and DL SDT. In addition, a UE is not expected to receive PRS resources
that collide with a time interval starting at symbol *m* and ending at
symbol *m + N~2~*, where symbol *m* is the last symbol in which the UE
is configured to receive PDCCH and *N~2~* is defined in clause 6.4 of TS
38.214 \[26\] for the subcarrier spacing μ of the DL PRS.

If a PRS resource is outside or partially overlapped with the initial DL
BWP, a PRS resource instance collides with another DL signal/channel if
any portion of the other DL signal/channel overlaps with the time
interval starting X symbols before the PRS instance and ending X symbols
after the PRS instance, taking into account *nr-DL-
PRS-ExpectedRSTD-Uncertainty* and *nr-DL-PRS-ExpectedRSTD,* where X is
defined in table 5.6.1-1.

Table 5.6.1-1: Value of X number of symbols

+--------------------+--------------------+-------------+-----------+
| FR                 | ![](./media/imag   | NR Slot     | X symbols |
|                    | e7.wmf){width="0.1 |             |           |
|                    | 638888888888889in" | length (ms) |           |
|                    | height="0.16       |             |           |
|                    | 38888888888889in"} |             |           |
+====================+====================+=============+===========+
|                    |                    |             |           |
+--------------------+--------------------+-------------+-----------+
| FR1                | 0                  | 1           | 7         |
+--------------------+--------------------+-------------+-----------+
|                    | 1                  | 0.5         | 14        |
+--------------------+--------------------+-------------+-----------+
|                    | 2                  | 0.25        | 28        |
+--------------------+--------------------+-------------+-----------+
| FR2                | 2                  | 0.25        | 14        |
+--------------------+--------------------+-------------+-----------+
|                    | 3                  | 0.125       | 28        |
+--------------------+--------------------+-------------+-----------+
| NOTE 1: The FR1    |                    |             |           |
| value applies if   |                    |             |           |
| one or both of the |                    |             |           |
| serving cell and   |                    |             |           |
| the positioning    |                    |             |           |
| frequency layer    |                    |             |           |
| are in FR1. FR2    |                    |             |           |
| value applies if   |                    |             |           |
| both of the        |                    |             |           |
| serving cell and   |                    |             |           |
| the positioning    |                    |             |           |
| frequency layer    |                    |             |           |
| are in FR2.        |                    |             |           |
+--------------------+--------------------+-------------+-----------+

Measurement requirements specified in clauses 5.6.2, 5.6.3, 5.6.4,
5.6.5, 5.6.7, and 5.6.8 shall apply for any DRX and eDRX configuration
specified in TS 38.331 \[2\].

The requirements in clauses 5.6.2, 5.6.3, 5.6.4, 5.6.5, 5.6.7, and 5.6.8
are applicable provided that the cell selection procedure for the
selected PLMN defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] is not triggered during PRS
measurement period.

The requirements in clauses 5.6.2, 5.6.3, 5.6.4, 5.6.5, 5.6.7, and 5.6.8
apply provided that:

\- all PRS resources within a PFL are within up to 2 separate windows
within T~PRS,i~ for each positioning frequency layer *i* as defined in
clauses 5.6.2, 5.6.3, 5.6.4 and 5.6.5, where each window is up to 10 ms.

The UE is not required to perform additional SSB measurement for the SSB
configured as QCL source of PRS resources.

When the UE is configured with measurement for more than one positioning
requests, the measurement period for each request may be longer than
measurement period when UE is configured with measurement for single
positioning request.

### 5.6.1A Cell re-selection for positioning

The requirements in this clause apply when UE is configured to perform
SRS transmission for positioning.

The requirements in clause 5.1.2 shall apply in the following
conditions.

\- UE is not configured with eDRX\_IDLE, or

\- UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE but without eDRX\_INACTIVE, or

\- UE is configured with both eDRX\_IDLE and eDRX\_INACTIVE, and
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle is smaller or equal to T~POS~,

where T~POS~ is

> \- SRS transmission periodicity, if UE is configured to only perform
> SRS transmission for positioning, or if UE is configured to both
> perform PRS measurements without periodic reporting and to perform SRS
> transmission for positioning,
>
> \- the minimum of PRS measurement reporting periodicity and SRS
> transmission periodicity, if UE is configured to both perform PRS
> measurements with periodic reporting and to perform SRS transmission
> for positioning.

NOTE: PRS measurement reporting periodicity is the configured
*reportingInterval* in *RequestLocationInformation as defined in
\[34\]*.

When UE is configured with both eDRX\_IDLE and eDRX\_INACTIVE, and
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle is larger than T~POS~, the requirements in clause
5.1.2 except clauses 5.1.2.2 and 5.1.2.3 shall apply, and the
requirements in clause 5.6.1A.1 apply for measurement and evaluation of
serving cell, and the requirements in clause 5.6.1A.2 apply for
measurements of intra-frequency NR cells.

#### 5.6.1A.1 Measurement and evaluation of serving cell

When UE is configured with both eDRX\_IDLE and eDRX\_INACTIVE, and
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle is larger than T~POS~, the UE shall measure the
SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ level of the serving cell and evaluate the cell
selection criterion S defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] for the serving cell at
least once every M1\*T~serv~ for FR1 and N1\* T~serv~ for FR2; where:

> \- T~serv~ is defined as max(T~DRX~, T~POS~), where
>
> \- T~DRX~ is defined as T in clause 7.1 TS 38.304 \[1\] when RAN eDRX
> \<= 10.24s and CN eDRX \<= 10.24s
>
> \- T~DRX~ is the maximum of the T inside and outside of the CN PTW,
> where T inside and outside of the CN PTW are defined in clause 7.1 TS
> 38.304 \[1\], when RAN eDRX \<= 10.24s and CN eDRX \> 10.24s
>
> \- T~DRX~ is the maximum of the DRX cycles within the CN PTW and the
> RAN PTW when RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s
>
> \- M1=2 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and T~serv~ ≤ 0.64
> second, otherwise M1=1.

\- The serving cell measurement is not limited to PTW.

The UE shall filter the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the serving
cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used
for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by, at
least T~serv~/2.

If the UE has evaluated according to table 5.6.1A.1-1 or table
5.6.1A.1-2 in N~serv~ consecutive T~serv~ that the serving cell does not
fulfil the cell selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate the
measurements of all neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell,
regardless of the measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement
activities.

Table 5.6.1A.1-1: N~serv~ for UE configured with eDRX INACTIVE cycle ≥
T~POS~ (FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]             eDRX INACTIVE cycle length\[s\]       T~serv~ \[s\]            N~serv~ \[number of T~serv~\]
  ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- ------------------------ -------------------------------
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤10485.76   eDRX INACTIVE cycle length ≥ T~POS~   0.32 ≤ T~serv~ \< 1.28   4\*M1
                                                                                  1.28 ≤ T~serv~           2

Table 5.6.1A.1-2: N~serv~ for UE configured with eDRX INACTIVE cycle ≥
T~POS~ (FR2-1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]             eDRX INACTIVE cycle length\[s\]       T~serv~ \[s\]            Scaling Factor (N1)   N~serv~ \[number of T~serv~\]
  ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- ------------------------ --------------------- -------------------------------
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤10485.76   eDRX INACTIVE cycle length ≥ T~POS~   0.32 ≤ T~serv~ \< 0.64   8                     4\*M1\*N1
                                                                                  0.64 ≤ T~serv~ \< 1.28   5                     4\*M1\*N1
                                                                                  1.28 ≤ T~serv~ \< 2.56   4                     2\*N1
                                                                                  2.56 ≤ T~serv~           3                     2\*N1

If the UE in RRC\_INACTIVE has not found any new suitable cell based on
searches and measurements using the intra-frequency, inter-frequency and
inter-RAT information indicated in the system information during the
time T', the UE shall initiate cell selection procedures for the
selected PLMN as defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], where

\- T' = MAX (10 s, one eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle) for FR1, or

\- T'= MAX (10 s, N1\* eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle) for FR2.

#### 5.6.1A.2 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells

When UE is configured with both eDRX\_IDLE and eDRX\_INACTIVE, and
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle is larger than T~POS~, the requirements defined in
section 5.1.2.3 shall apply with T~detect,NR\_Intra,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ defined in table
5.6.1A.2-1 and table 5.6.1A.2-2, where

> \- T~serv~ is defined as max(T~DRX~, T~POS~), where
>
> \- T~DRX~ is defined as T in clause 7.1 TS 38.304 \[1\] when RAN eDRX
> \<= 10.24s and CN eDRX \<= 10.24s
>
> \- T~DRX~ is the maximum of the T inside and outside of the CN PTW,
> where T inside and outside of the CN PTW are defined in clause 7.1 TS
> 38.304 \[1\], when RAN eDRX \<= 10.24s and CN eDRX \> 10.24s
>
> \- T~DRX~ is the maximum of the DRX cycles within the CN PTW and the
> RAN PTW when RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s
>
> \- M2 = 1.5 if SMTC periodicity of measured intra-frequency cell \> 20
> ms; otherwise M2=1.
>
> \- The detection, measurement and evaluation of intra-frequency
> neighbour cells are not limited to PTW.

Table 5.6.1A.2-1: T~detect~, T~measure~ and T~evaluate~ for UE
configured with eDRX INACTIVE cycle \> T~POS~ (FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                                                    T~serv~ \[s\]            T~detect,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)   T~measure,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)   T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76                                                                                                                         0.32 ≤ T~serv~ \< 0.64   36 x M2                                   4 x M2                                     16 x M2
                                                                                                                                                                   0.64 ≤ T~serv~ \< 1.28   28                                        2                                          8
                                                                                                                                                                   1.28 ≤ T~serv~ \< 2.56   25                                        1                                          5
                                                                                                                                                                   2.56 ≤ T~serv~           23                                        1                                          3
  NOTE 1: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ in seconds depend on the number *N* of T~serv~ and are calculated as N \* T~serv~.                                                                                                                 

Table 5.6.1A.2-2: T~detect~, T~measure~ and T~evaluate~ for UE
configured with eDRX INACTIVE cycle \> T~POS~ (FR2-1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                                                    T~serv~ \[s\]            Scaling Factor (N1)   T~detect,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)   T~measure,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)   T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ --------------------- ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76                                                                                                                         0.32 ≤ T~serv~ \< 0.64   8                     36 x N1 x M2                              4 x N1 x M2                                16 x N1 x M2
                                                                                                                                                                   0.64 ≤ T~serv~ \< 1.28   5                     28 x N1                                   2 x N1                                     8 x N1
                                                                                                                                                                   1.28 ≤ T~serv~ \< 2.56   4                     25 x N1                                   1 x N1                                     5 x N1
                                                                                                                                                                   2.56 ≤ T~serv~           3                     23 x N1                                   1 x N1                                     3 x N1
  NOTE 1: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ in seconds depend on the number *N* of T~serv~ and are calculated as N \* T~serv~.                                                                                                                                       

### 5.6.2 RSTD measurements

#### 5.6.2.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 5.6.2 shall apply provided the UE has
received *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* message from the LMF
via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to measure and report DL RSTD
measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\].

#### 5.6.2.2 Requirements Applicability

The requirements in clause 5.6.2 apply for periodic and triggered RSTD
measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSTD related side conditions given in clause 10.1.23.2 for FR1
and FR2 are fulfilled, for a corresponding Band.

#### 5.6.2.3 Measurement Capability

The UE PRS RSTD measurement capability in RRC\_INACTIVE state is as
indicated by the UE in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities*, according to TS
37.355 \[34\].

5.6.2.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. If the UE supports reporting of NR positioning measurements
via SDT, the UE may be able to report the measurements while it remains
in RRC\_INACTIVE state; otherwise, the UE will transition to
RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to transmitting the measurement report.

For RSTD measurements performed by the UE in RRC\_INACTIVE state, the
measurement reporting delay excludes all of the following:

\- additional delay caused by other LPP signalling on the DCCH,

\- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report in
the TTI of the uplink DCCH, equal to 2 x TTI~DCCH~ where TTI~DCCH~ is
the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the measurement report
is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or subslot duration,

\- any delay caused by unavailability of UL resources to transmit the
measurement report,

\- any transmission delay needed by SDT,

\- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

The reported RSTD measurement values contained in measurement reports
shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements specified
in clause 10.1.23.3.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.23.2, for each measured DL PRS resource.

#### 5.6.2.5 Measurements Period Requirements

After receiving both *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message from the LMF via LPP
\[34\], the UE shall be able to measure multiple (*up to the UE
capability specified in clause 5.6.2.3*) DL RSTD measurements, defined*
in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the measurement period $T_{RSTD,Total}$
defined as:

$T_{RSTD,Total} = \sum_{i = 1}^{L}{T_{RSTD,i} + \ \left( L - 1 \right)*\max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)\ }$

Where:

\- $i$ is the index of positioning frequency layer,

\- $L$ is total number of positioning frequency layers, and

\- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS RSTD measurement in
positioning frequency layer i

$T_{RSTD,i}$ is the measurement period for PRS RSTD measurement in
positioning frequency layer *i* as specified below:

$T_{RSTD,i} = \ {\left( {K_{carrier\_ PRS}*\ N_{Rx,TEG,i}*N}_{\text{RxBeam},i}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}}{N^{'}} \right\rceil*\left\lceil \frac{L_{available\_ PRS,i}}{N} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T}_{effect,i} + \text{T}_{\text{last},i}$
,

Where:

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ is the UE Rx beam sweeping factor:

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ = 1 if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR1, and
if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR2

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
*supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* if the capability is reported
by the UE for the band containing positioning frequency layer i, and LMF
indicates *lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* .

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to 8, otherwise.

> \- $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ is a scaling factor for PRS-based NR
> positioning measurements in RRC\_INACTIVE. If the UE supports
> *parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, K~carrier\_PRS~ = 1; otherwise,

\- If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
$K_{carrier\_ PRS} = K_{\text{carrier}} + 1$, where $K_{\text{carrier}}$
**is** defined in clause 4.2.2.4

\- If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
$K_{carrier\_ PRS} = N_{\text{layers}} + 1$, where $N_{\text{layers}}$
**is** defined in clause 4.2.2.7.

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}$ is the Rx TEG specific scaling factor:

\- $N_{\text{Rx},\text{TEG},i}$ =1 if the UE is not configured by the
LMF to measure a PRS resource with multiple Rx TEGs via
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\].

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}$ is defined as follows if the UE is configured by the
LMF with *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\] to
perform measurement on same DL PRS resource of a TRP using different Rx
TEGs in *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* \[34\]:

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ P$, if the UE is not capable of measuring same DL
PRS resource simultaneously from multiple Rx TEGs, where P is the number
of UE Rx TEGs that the UE is requested by LMF to measure the same DL-PRS
Resource of a TRP indicated by
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* in \[34\], and in
case 'n0' is indicated, P is the maximum number of Rx TEGs with which UE
can support to measure the same PRS resource as reported in
*NR-UE-TEG-Capability*.

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ \left\lceil \frac{P}{Q} \right\rceil\ $, if the
UE is capable of measuring the same DL PRS resource simultaneously from
multiple Rx TEGs, where $Q$ is the number of UE Rx TEGs for measuring
the same DL-PRS Resource simultaneously indicated by
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGsSimul-r17* in \[34\].

\- $N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS resources
in positioning frequency layer *i* configured in a slot.

\- $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ is the time duration of available PRS in
positioning frequency layer *i* to be measured within $T_{PRS,i}$, and
is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined in clause
5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$,
only unmuted PRS resources that are not fully overlapped with other
higher-priority DL signals/channels are considered.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS RSTD samples, where

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 1 if the UE supports
*supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced number
of samples, and meets the following conditions:

\- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and

\- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE supports
*supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced number
of samples, and does not meet the following conditions:

\- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and

\- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise.

\- $\text{T}_{\text{last,i}}$ is the measurement duration for the last
PRS RSTD sample in positioning frequency layer *i*, including the
sampling time and processing time, $\text{T}_{\text{last},i}$ **=**
$T_{\text{i}}$ **+** $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ ,

\- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS RSTD measurement in
positioning frequency layer i *defined as:*

$T_{\text{effect,i}}$ =
$\left\lceil \frac{T_{\text{i}}}{T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}} \right\rceil*T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$

> Where:

\- $T_{i}$ corresponds to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\],

\-
$T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}} = \text{LCM}\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
the least common multiple between $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ and
$T_{\text{DRX}}$

> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is defined as following:
>
> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is DRX cycle length, defined in clause 7.1 TS
> 38.304, when no extended DRX (eDRX) cycle is configured
>
> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is defined as T in clause 7.1 TS 38.304 when RAN
> eDRX \<= 10.24 s and CN eDRX \<= 10.24 s

\- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is the maximum of the T inside and outside of the CN
PTW, where T inside and outside of the CN PTW are defined in clause 7.1
TS 38.304, when RAN eDRX \<= 10.24 s and CN eDRX \> 10.24 s

\- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is the maximum of the DRX cycles within the CN PTW
and the RAN PTW when RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s

\- $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ is the periodicity of DL PRS resource with
muting on positioning frequency layer *i*.

If more than one PRS periodicities are configured in positioning
frequency layer *i*, the least common multiple of PRS periodicities
$T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$ among all DL PRS resource
sets in the positioning frequency layer is used to derive
$T_{\text{PRS},i}$, where,

\-
${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}}*T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
is the PRS periodicity with muting per PRS resource,

\- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource sets
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*.

\- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
muting.
$N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}*L_{\text{muting}}$,
where

\- $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*,
and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the size of the bitmap
$\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$.

\- $\{ N,T\}$ is the UE capability combination per band for
RRC\_INACTIVE state where N is a duration of DL PRS symbols in ms
corresponding to *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbols-r17* in TS 37.355
\[34\], T (ms) corresponds to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\], for
a given maximum bandwidth supported by UE corresponding to
*supportedBandwidthPRS* in TS 37.355 \[34\],

\- $N’$ is UE capability for number of DL PRS resources that it can
process in a slot in RRC\_INACTIVE state as indicated by
*maxNumOfDL-PRS-ResProcessedPerSlot-RRC-Inactive-r17* specified in TS
37.355 \[34\].

If the following conditions are met, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts
from the first DL PRS resource(s) instances inside a PTW after both the
*NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\]*.

\- UE is configured with RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s, and

\- periodic PRS measurement reporting is configured, and

\- RAN eDRX cycle is smaller or equal to the PRS measurement reporting
periodicity configured via higher layer parameter *reportingInterval* in
TS 37.355 \[34\], and

\- there is one or more PRS resources occurring in PTW.

Otherwise, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) after both the *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message
and *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from
LMF to the UE via LPP \[34\].*

NOTE 1: No per-positioning frequency layer requirement is applied in
scenarios when multiple positioning frequency layers are configured.

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the RSTD measurement period,
then the measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is configured for DL-TDOA, RSTD and PRS-RSRP are performed
over the same measurement period.

When PRS-RSRPP is configured for DL-TDOA, RSTD and PRS-RSRPP are
performed over the same measurement period.

The measurement requirements do not apply to any PRS resource that
always collides with other higher-priority DL signals/channels, as
specified in clause 5.6.1.

Longer RSTD measurement period is expected when there are collisions
between PRS resources and other higher-priority DL signals/channels.

If $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ changes for any PFL during the measurement
period, the measurement period could be longer.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if the PRS
resource is across two sampling duration of N within duration
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if time
span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the minimum number
of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is greater than
UE reported capability N.

The requirements in clause 5.6.2 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities, and
it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured, subject
to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If cell re-selection occurs while RSTD measurements are being performed,
then the UE shall continue and complete the on-going RSTD measurements
after the cell selection is completed. The RSTD measurement period can
be longer.

If the RRC state transition occurs from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the RSTD measurement period then the UE shall continue the
RSTD measurement in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The RSTD measurement
period can be longer.

The UE shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.23.2

#### 5.6.2.6 Measurements Period Requirements with Bandwidth Aggregation

The requirements in this clause apply provided that UE receives requests
from LMF to perform PRS measurement on aggregated positioning frequency
layers (PFLs) via *nr-DL-PRS-JointMeasurementRequestedPFL-List \[34\]*.

After receiving both *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message from the LMF via LPP
\[34\]*, *the UE shall be able to measure multiple (*up to the UE
capability specified in clause 5.6.2.3*) DL RSTD measurements, defined*
in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the measurement period $T_{RSTD,Total}$
defined as:

$T_{RSTD,total} = \ T_{RSTD,\ aggr} + \ T_{RSTD,non - aggr}\  + \ T_{\text{margin}}$

Where:

> \- $T_{RSTD,\ aggr}$ is the total measurement period for aggregated
> measurements as defined in this clause, and
>
> \- $T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$ is the total measurement period for
> non-aggregated measurements as defined in this clause, and
>
> \- ***When both*** $T_{RSTD,\ aggr}$ ***and*** $T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$
> are non-zero, then $T_{\text{margin}} = T_{\text{margin}}^{'}$***;
> otherwise*** $T_{\text{margin}} = 0$, where
> $T_{\text{margin}}^{'} = \max\left( T_{effect,j} \right)$***, andthe
> maximum*** $T_{effect,j}$ ***is across all the PFL combination(s) and
> non-aggregated PFL(s) configured for positioning measurements***.

$T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$ is zero if every resource set on every PFL is
linked for aggregation to at least one other resource set on another
PFL. Otherwise, $T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$ is as defined in clause 5.6.2.5
with the following exceptions,

> \- only PFLs containing resource set(s) not linked to any other
> resource set(s) are considered in $L$,
>
> \- on each PFL $i$, only resource set(s) not linked to any other
> resource set(s) are considered in
> $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$,
> $N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}$ and $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$*,*
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE supports the capability of
> positioning measurements with reduced number of samples as indicated
> by *supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* specified in TS
> 37.355 \[34\], and the LMF requests the UE to perform positioning
> measurements with reduced number of samples,
>
> \- $\left( L - 1 \right)*\max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)$ ***is
> replace by*** $\left( L - 1 \right)*T_{\text{margin}}^{'}$.

$T_{RSTD,aggr}$ is zero if no resource sets on any PFL are linked for
aggregation with other resource sets on other PFLs. Otherwise,
$T_{RSTD,aggr}$ is defined as

$T_{RSTD,aggr} = \ \sum_{m = 1}^{M}T_{RSTD,aggr,m} + \ \left( M - 1 \right)*T_{\text{margin}}^{'}\text{\ \ \ }$
,

where:

> \- $m$ is the index of PFL combination,
>
> \- $M$ is total number of PFL combinations,
>
> \- $T_{effect,aggr,m}$ is the periodicity of the PRS measurement in
> PFL combination $m$ as defined in this clause,
>
> \- $T_{RSTD,aggr,m}$ is the measurement period for PRS RSTD
> measurement in PFL combination $m$ as specified below.
>
> $T_{RSTD,aggr,m} = \left( K_{carrier,aggr}*N_{Rx,TEG,aggr,m}*N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{PRS,aggr,m}^{\text{slot}}}{N_{aggr,m}^{'}} \right\rceil*\left\lceil \frac{L_{\text{available}_{\text{PRS}},aggr,m}}{N_{aggr,m}} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T_{effect,aggr,m} + \text{T}_{\text{last},aggr,m}$
> ,

where:

> \- $K_{carrier,aggr}$ is a scaling factor for PRS measurements in
> RRC\_INACTIVE,
>
> \- $K_{carrier,aggr} = 1$ if the UE supports
> *parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*,
>
> \- Otherwise,

\- If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
$K_{carrier,aggr} = K_{\text{carrier}} + 1$, where $K_{\text{carrier}}$
**is** defined in clause 4.2.2.4

\- If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
$K_{carrier,aggr} = N_{\text{layers}} + 1$, where $N_{\text{layers}}$
**is** defined in clause 4.2.2.7.

> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,aggr,m}$ is a scaling factor for PRS measurements with
> multiple Rx TEGs

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,aggr,m}$ =1 if the UE is not configured by the LMF to
measure a PRS resource with multiple Rx TEGs via
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\].

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,aggr,m}$ is defined as follows if the UE is configured by
the LMF with *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\]
to perform measurement on same DL PRS resource of a TRP using different
Rx TEGs in *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* \[34\]:

> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ P$, if the UE is not capable of receiving same
> DL PRS resource simultaneously from multiple Rx TEGs, where P is the
> number of UE Rx TEGs that the UE is requested by LMF to measure the
> same DL-PRS Resource of a TRP indicated by
> *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* in \[34\], and in
> case 'n0' is indicated, P is the maximum number of Rx TEGs with which
> UE can support to measure the same PRS resource as reported in
> *NR-UE-TEG-Capability*.
>
> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ \left\lceil \frac{P}{Q} \right\rceil\ $, if the
> UE is capable of receiving the same DL PRS resource simultaneously
> from multiple Rx TEGs, where $Q$ is the number of UE Rx TEGs for
> measuring the same DL-PRS Resource simultaneously indicated by
> *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGsSimul-r17* in \[34\].
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ is a scaling factor for PRS measurements with
> multiple Rx beams, and is defined as
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ = 1 if PFL combination *m* is in FR1,
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ is defined as follows if PFL combination *m* is
> in FR2
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
> *supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* if the capability is reported
> by the UE for the band containing PFL combination *m*, and LMF
> indicates *lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in
> *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation*,
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ equals to 8 otherwise
>
> \- $N_{PRS,aggr,m}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS
> resources in PFL combination *m* configured in a slot, and only the
> PRS resources in resource set(s) linked to other resource set in PFL
> combination *m* are counted
>
> \- $N_{aggr,m}^{'}$ is the UE capability on maximum number of DL PRS
> resources that can be processed in a slot for PFL combination *m* as
> indicated by *maxNumOfAggregatedDL-PRS-ResourcePerSlot-FR1-r18 for FR1
> and maxNumOfAggregatedDL-PRS-ResourcePerSlot-FR2-r18 for FR2*
> specified in TS 37.355 \[34\].
>
> \- $L_{\text{available}_{\text{PRS}},aggr,m}$ is the time duration of
> available PRS resources in PFL combination *m* to be measured during
> $T_{PRS,aggr,m}$, and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K
> defined in clause 5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of
> $L_{\text{available}_{\text{PRS}},aggr,m}$, only unmuted PRS resources
> in resource set(s) linked to other resource set in PFL combination *m*
> and that are not fully overlapped with other higher-priority DL
> signals/channels are considered.
>
> \- $N_{aggr,m}$ is the UE capability on duration of DL PRS resources
> in ms for PFL combination *m* as indicated by
> *prs-durationOfTwoPRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsN-r18* or
> *prs-durationOfThreePRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsN-r18* specified in TS
> 37.355 \[34\].
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is number of PRS measurement samples,
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE supports the capability of
> positioning measurements with reduced number of samples as indicated
> by *reducedNumOfSampleInMeasurementWithPRS-BWA-RRC-IdleAndInactive*
> specified in TS 37.355 \[34\], and the LMF requests the UE to perform
> positioning measurements with reduced number of samples,
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise.
>
> \- $T_{effect,aggr,m}$ is the periodicity of the PRS measurement in
> PFL combination $m$,
>
> $T_{effect,aggr,m} = \left\lceil \frac{T_{aggr,m}}{T_{available,PRS,aggr,m}} \right\rceil*T_{available,PRS,aggr,m}$
>
> \- $T_{aggr,m}$ is the UE capability on time for processing of DL PRS
> resources in ms for PFL combination *m* as indicated by
> *prs-durationOfTwoPRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsT-r18* or
> *prs-durationOfThreePRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsT* specified in TS 37.355
> \[34\].
>
> \-
> $T_{available,PRS,aggr,m} = LCM\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
> the least common multiple between
> $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}}$ and the DRX cycle length
> $T_{\text{DRX}}$, where $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}}$ is the
> periodicity of DL PRS resource with muting on PFL combination $m$.
>
> \- If more than one PRS periodicities are configured in PFL
> combination $m$, the least common multiple of PRS periodicities
> $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$ among all DL PRS resource
> sets that are linked to other resource set in PFL combination $m$, is
> used to derive $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}}$, and for each
> applicable PRS resource set,
>
> \-
> ${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}}*T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
> is the PRS periodicity with muting per PRS resource, and
>
> \- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource
> set given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*, and
>
> \- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
> muting.
> $N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}*L_{\text{muting}}$,
> where $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
> given by the higher-layer parameter
> *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*, and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the
> size of the bitmap $\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$.
>
> \- $\text{T}_{\text{last},aggr,m}$ is the measurement duration for the
> last PRS sample in PFL combination $m$, including the sampling time
> and processing time,
> $\text{T}_{\text{last},aggr,m} = T_{aggr,m} + T_{available,PRS,aggr,m}$.

The requirements in this clause for aggregated measurements apply
provided that the linked PRS resource sets on multiple PFLs for
aggregated measurements are transmitted by the TRP using single Tx chain
as defined in clause 5.1.6.5.3 in TS 38.214 \[26\].

If PRS resources in one or more of the aggregated PFLs in PFL
combination $m$ are dropped because of collision with other signals,
$T_{RSTD,aggr,m}$ *can be longer than specified above.*

The time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts from the first DRX cycle containing
the DL PRS resource(s) in the assistance data after both the
*NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\].*

> NOTE: No separate requirement on non-aggregated measurement based on
> $T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$ or on aggregated measurement based on
> $T_{RSTD,aggr}$ is applied ***when both*** $T_{RSTD,\ aggr}$ ***and***
> $T_{RSTD,non - aggr}$ are non-zero.

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the RSTD measurement period,
then the measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is configured for DL-TDOA, RSTD and PRS-RSRP are performed
over the same measurement period. When PRS-RSRPP is configured for
DL-TDOA, RSTD and PRS-RSRPP are performed over the same measurement
period.

The measurement requirements do not apply to any PRS resource that
always collides with other higher-priority DL signals/channels, as
specified in clause 5.6.1.

Longer RSTD measurement period is expected when there are collisions
between PRS resources and other higher-priority DL signals/channels.

If $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ changes for any PFL or any PFL combination during
the measurement period, the measurement period could be longer.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if the PRS
resource is across two sampling duration of N within duration
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if time
span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the minimum number
of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is greater than
UE reported capability N.

The requirements in clause 5.6.2 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities, and
it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured, subject
to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If cell re-selection occurs while RSTD measurements are being performed,
then the UE shall continue and complete the on-going RSTD measurements
after the cell selection is completed. The RSTD measurement period can
be longer.

If the RRC state transition occurs from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the RSTD measurement period, then the UE shall continue the
RSTD measurement in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The RSTD measurement
period can be longer.

The UE shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.23A.2.

### 5.6.3 PRS-RSRP measurements

#### 5.6.3.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 5.6.3 shall apply provided the UE has
received *a* message from LMF via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to
measure and report PRS-RSRP measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\] and
the UE is capable of supporting the PRS-RSRP measurement in RRC INACTIVE
state.

#### 5.6.3.2 Requirements applicability

The requirements in clause 5.6.3 apply for periodic and triggered
PRS-RSRP measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.24.2 are met
for a corresponding Band.

#### 5.6.3.3 Measurement Capability

UE PRS-RSRP measurement capability is as indicated by the UE in
*NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities* according to TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 5.6.3.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. If the UE supports reporting of NR positioning measurements
via SDT, the UE may be able to report the measurements while it remains
in RRC\_INACTIVE state; otherwise, the UE will transition to
RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to transmitting the measurement report.

For PRS-RSRP measurements performed by the UE in RRC\_INACTIVE state,
the measurement reporting delay excludes all of the following:

\- any delay caused by other LPP signalling on the DCCH,

\- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report in
the TTI of the uplink DCCH which is equal to 2 x TTI~DCCH~ where
TTI~DCCH~ is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the
measurement report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or
subslot duration,

\- any delay caused by no UL resources for UE to send the measurement
report,

\- any transmission delay needed by SDT,

\- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

The reported PRS-RSRP measurement values contained in measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clause 10.1.24.3.

The PRS-RSRP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1.24.2.

#### 5.6.3.5 Measurement Period Requirements

When the physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF* via
LPP \[34\], the UE shall be able to measure multiple (up to the UE
capability specified in clause 5.6.3.3) PRS-RSRP measurements, defined
in TS 38.215 \[4\], from configured PRS resources for configured TRPs on
configured positioning frequency layers, within
$T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,total}}$ ms.

$T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,\ total}} = \sum_{i = 1}^{L}{T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,i}} + \left( L - 1 \right) \times \max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)}$

Where:

*- i* is the index of positioning frequency layer,

\- L is total number of positioning frequency layers,

\- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS-RSRP measurement in
positioning frequency layer *i*.

$T_{PRS - RSRP,i} = {\left( {{K_{\text{carrier}\_ PRS}}_{i}*N}_{\text{RxBeam},i}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}}{N^{'}} \right\rceil\left\lceil \frac{L_{available\_ PRS,i}}{N} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T}_{effect,i} + \text{T}_{\text{last}}$

Where:

\- $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ is a scaling factor for PRS-based NR positioning
measurements in RRC\_INACTIVE. If the UE supports
*parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$= 1. Otherwise,

\- If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
$K_{carrier\_ PRS}$equals to the sum of K~carrier~ in clause 4.2.2.4 and
one positioning layer.

\- If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
$K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ equals to the sum of N~layer~ in clause 4.2.2.7 and
one positioning layer.

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}\ $is the scaling factor for Rx beam sweeping:

-   $N_{RxBeam,i}$=1 if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR1, and
    if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR2

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
*supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* if the capability is reported
by the UE for the band containing positioning frequency layer i, and LMF
indicates *lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in
*NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation*.

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to 8, otherwise.

\- $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ is the time duration of available PRS to be
measured in the positioning frequency layer i to be measured during
$T_{PRS,i}$, and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined
in clause 5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$, only unmuted PRS resources that are not fully
overlapped with other higher-priority DL signals/channels are
considered.

\- $N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS resources
of positioning frequency layer i configured in a slot,

\- $\{ N,T\}$ is UE capability combination per band where N is a
duration of DL PRS symbols in ms corresponding to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbols-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\] processed
every T ms corresponding to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17*in TS 37.355 \[34\] for a
given maximum bandwidth supported by UE corresponding to
*supportedBandwidthPRS* in TS 37.355 \[34\],

\- $N’$ is UE capability for number of DL PRS resources that it can
process in a slot as indicated by
*maxNumOfDL-PRS-ResProcessedPerSlot-RRC-Inactive-r17* in clause 6.4.3 of
TS 37.355 \[34\],

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS-RSRP measurement samples and

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 1, if UE supports
*supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
indicates the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced number
of samples by *reducedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples* \[34\], and the
following conditions are met:

\- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and

\- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2, if UE supports
*supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
indicates the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced number
of samples by *reducedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples* \[34\], and the
following conditions are not met$:$

\- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and

\- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise

$\text{T}_{\text{last}\text{,i}}$ *=* $T_{\text{i}}$
*+*$T_{available\_ PRS\text{,i}}$ is the measurement duration for the
last PRS-RSRP sample, including the sampling time and processing time,

\-
$T_{effect,i} = \ \left\lceil \frac{T_{i}}{T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}} \right\rceil*T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$
is the periodicity of PRS-RSRP measurement in positioning frequency
layer *i*,

\- $T_{i}$ corresponds to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\],

\-
$T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}} = \text{LCM}\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)\text{\ is}$
the least common multiple between $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ and
$T_{\text{DRX}}$,

\- $T_{PRS,i}$ is the maximum PRS resource periodicity among all PRS
resources in positioning frequency layer i,

> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is defined as following:
>
> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is DRX cycle length when no extended DRX (eDRX)
> cycle is configured
>
> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is defined as T in clause 7.1 TS 38.304 \[1\] when
> RAN eDRX \<= 10.24 s and CN eDRX \<= 10.24 s
>
> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is the maximum of the T inside and outside of the
> CN PTW, where T inside and outside of the CN PTW are defined in clause
> 7.1 TS 38.304 \[1\], when RAN eDRX \<= 10.24 s and CN eDRX \> 10.24 s

\- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is the maximum of the DRX cycles within the CN PTW
and the RAN PTW when RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s

If positioning frequency layer *i* has more than one DL PRS resource set
with different PRS periodicities with muting,
${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}}*T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
the least common multiple of $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$
among the DL PRS resource sets is used to derive $T_{PRS,i}$, where:

\- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource sets
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*.

\- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
muting.
$N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}*L_{\text{muting}}$,
where $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*,
and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the size of the bitmap
$\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$.

If the following conditions are met, the time$\ T_{PRS - RSRP,Total}$
starts from the first DL PRS resource(s) instances inside a PTW after
both the *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\]*.

\- UE is configured with RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s, and

\- periodic PRS measurement reporting is configured, and

\- RAN eDRX cycle is smaller or equal to the PRS measurement reporting
periodicity configured via higher layer parameter *reportingInterval* in
TS 37.355 \[34\], and

\- there is one or more PRS resources occurring in PTW.

Otherwise, the time$\ T_{PRS - RSRP,Total}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) after both the *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\].*

> NOTE 1: No per-positioning frequency layer requirement is applied in
> scenarios when multiple positioning frequency layers are configured.

*When the PRS-RSRP measurement is configured together with RSTD
measurement then the PRS-RSRP measurement shall meet the* RSTD
measurement requirements defined in clause 5.6.2.

*When the PRS-RSRP measurement is configured together with UE Rx-Tx time
difference measurement then the PRS-RSRP measurement shall meet the UE
Rx-Tx time difference* measurement requirements defined in clause 5.6.4.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource:

\- if the PRS resource is across two sampling duration of N within
duration $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ or

\- if time span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the
minimum number of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is
greater than UE reported capability N.

Longer PRS-RSRP measurement period is expected when there is
collision/overlap between other DL signals/channels and PRS resources in
RRC\_INACTIVE state.

The requirements in clause 5.6.3 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities, and
it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured, subject
to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the PRS-RSRP measurement period
then the PRS-RSRP measurement period can be longer.

If cell reselection occurs while PRS-RSRP measurement is being
performed, then the UE shall continue and complete the on-going PRS-RSRP
measurement after the cell selection is completed. The PRS-RSRP
measurement period can be longer.

If the UE's RRC state changes from the RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_CONNECTED
during the PRS-RSRP measurement period, then the UE shall continue the
PRS-RSRP measurement in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The PRS-RSRP
measurement period can be longer.

### 5.6.4 UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements

#### 5.6.4.1 Introduction

The requirements in this clause shall apply, provided the UE has
received *nr-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation* message from LMF via
LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to measure and report one or more UE Rx-Tx
time difference measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\].

#### 5.6.4.2 Requirements Applicability

The requirements in clause 5.6.4 apply for periodic and triggered UE
Rx-Tx time difference measurements, provided:

\- UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement related side conditions given in
clause 10.1.25.2 are met for a corresponding band.

\- SRS is configured on the PCell.

\- UE has valid SRS configuration in the current camping cell.

#### 5.6.4.3 Measurement Capability

UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement capability is as indicated by the
UE in *NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideCapabilities,* according to TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 5.6.4.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the measurement report is triggered and the moment when the
UE starts to transmit the measurement report over the air interface.

This measurement reporting delay excludes the delay caused by any of the
following:

\- delay caused by other LPP signalling on the DCCH.

\- delay uncertainty resulted when inserting the measurement report to
the TTI of the uplink DCCH. The delay uncertainty is: 2 x TTI~DCCH~
where TTI~DCCH~ is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the
measurement report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or
subslot duration.

\- delay caused due to lack of UL resources for UE to send the
measurement report.

\- delay required by SDT for reporting the measurement using SDT
resources.

\- delay required for transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state for report the
measurement in RRC\_CONNECTED.

The UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement values contained in measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clause 10.1.25.3.

The UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement accuracy for all measured DL
PRS resources shall be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements
specified in clause 10.1.25.2.

#### 5.6.4.5 Measurement Period Requirements

When physical layer receives last of
*NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF via LPP
\[34\], UE shall be able to measure multiple* (up to the UE capability
specified in clause 5.6.4.3) *UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements as
defined* in TS 38.215 \[4\] in configured positioning frequency layers
within the measurement period $T_{UERxTx,Total}$ ms.

$T_{\text{UERxTx}\text{,\ Total}} = \sum_{i = 1}^{L}{T_{\text{UERxTx}\text{,i}} + \left( L - 1 \right)*\max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)}$

Where:

\- $i$ is the index of positioning frequency layer,

\- $T_{\text{UERxTx}\text{,i}}$ is the measurement period for UE Rx-Tx
time difference measurements in positioning frequency layer *i* as
further defined in this clause,

\- L is total number of positioning frequency layers,

\- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement in positioning frequency layer *i* as defined further in
this clause.

$$T_{UERxTx,i} = {\left( {K_{carrier\_ PRS}*N_{RxTx,TEG,i}*N}_{\text{RxBeam},i}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}}{N^{'}} \right\rceil\left\lceil \frac{L_{available\_ PRS\text{,i}}}{N} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T}_{effect,i} + \text{T}_{\text{last},i}$$

Where:

\- $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$=1 if the UE is capable of
*parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17* defined in \[34\].

\- $K_{carrier\_ PRS} = N_{\text{layer}} + 1$ if the UE is not capable
of *parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17* defined in \[34\] and *if Srxlev
\> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~*; where
$N_{\text{layer}}$is defined in clause 4.2.2.7.

\- $K_{carrier\_ PRS} = K_{\text{carrier}} + 1$ if the UE is not capable
of *parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17* defined in \[34\] and *if Srxlev ≤
S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~*; where
$K_{\text{carrier}}$is defined in clause 4.2.2.4.

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}\ $is the scaling factor for UE Rx beam sweeping:

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$=1 if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR1, and if
positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR2.

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
*supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* if the capability is reported
by the UE for the band containing positioning frequency layer i, and LMF
indicates *lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in *NR-Multi-RTT
-RequestLocationInformation*.

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to 8, otherwise.

$N_{RxTx,TEG,i}$ is the Rx TEG specific scaling factor:

> \- $N_{\text{RxTx},\text{TEG},i}$ = 1 if UE is not configured by LMF
> with *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTxTEGs-r17 or
> measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\].
>
> Otherwise,

\- $N_{\text{RxTx},\text{TEG},i}$ = $N_{TEG,i}$, if UE is not capable of
measuring same DL PRS resource simultaneously from multiple Rx TEGs,
where $N_{TEG,i}$ is the number of Rx TEGs or RxTx TEGs with which UE is
requested to measure a PRS resource indicated via
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTxTEGs-r17 or
measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\], and in case
'n0' is indicated, $N_{TEG,i}$ is the maximum number of Rx TEGs with
which UE can support to measure the same PRS resource as reported in
*NR-UE-TEG-Capability*.

\- $N_{\text{RxTx},\text{TEG},i}$ =
$\left\lceil \frac{N_{TEG,i}}{k_{TEG,simul,i}} \right\rceil$, if UE is
capable of measuring same DL PRS resource simultaneously from multiple
Rx TEGs, where $k_{TEG,simul,i}$ is the number of Rx TEGs UE can measure
simultaneously which is reported via
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGsSimul*.

\- $L_{\text{available}\_ PRS,i}$ is the time duration of available PRS
resources in the positioning frequency layer *i*, to be measured during
$T_{PRS,i}$, and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined
in clause 5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$, only unmuted PRS resources that are not fully
overlapped with other higher-priority DL signals/channels are
considered.

\- $N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS resources
of positioning frequency layer i configured in a slot,

\- $\{ N,T\}$ is UE capability combination per band where N is a
duration of DL PRS symbols in ms corresponding to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbols-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\] processed
every T ms corresponding to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\] for
a given maximum bandwidth supported by UE corresponding to
*supportedBandwidthPRS* in clause 4.2.7.2 of TS 37.355 \[34\],

\- $N’$ is UE capability for number of DL PRS resources that it can
process in a slot corresponding to
*maxNumOfDL-PRS-ResProcessedPerSlot-RRC-Inactive-r17* as specified in
clause 6.4.3 of TS 37.355 \[34\],

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement samples:

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 if the UE is not capable of
*supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* defined in \[34\] or
not configured to perform positioning measurements with reduced number
of samples by *reducedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-r17* \[34\].

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 1 if the UE is capable of
*supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* defined in \[34\] and
LMF requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced
number of samples by *reducedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-r17* \[34\] and
the following conditions are met:

\- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and

\- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.

> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE is capable of
> *supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* defined in \[34\] and
> the LMF requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with
> reduced number of samples by *reducedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-r17*
> \[34\] but the following conditions are not met:
>
> \- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and
>
> \- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
> neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.

\- $\text{T}_{\text{last,i}}$ is the measurement duration for the last
UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement sample in the positioning layer i,
including the sampling time and processing time,
$\text{T}_{\text{last,i}}$ *=* $T_{\text{i}}$ *+*
$T_{available\_ PRS\text{,i}}$ ,

\- $T_{effect,i}$ is periodicity of UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement
in positioning frequency layer *i*:

$T_{effect,i} = \ \left\lceil \frac{T_{i}}{T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}} \right\rceil*T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$

Where:

\- $T_{i}$ corresponds to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\],

\-
$T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}} = \ \text{LCM}\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
the least common multiple between $T_{PRS,i}$ and $T_{\text{DRX}}$.

> \- When UE is configured with RAN eDRX ≤ 10.24 s:
>
> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is defined as T in TS 38.304 \[1\] when CN eDRX ≤
> 10.24 s.
>
> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is the maximum of the T inside and outside of the
> CN PTW when CN eDRX \> 10.24 s, where T inside and outside of the CN
> PTW are defined in TS 38.304 \[1\].
>
> \- When UE is configured with RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s:
>
> \- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is the maximum of the DRX cycles within the CN PTW
> and the RAN PTW.

\- Otherwise, $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is the DRX cycle of the UE in the serving
cell.

\- $T_{PRS,i}$ is the PRS resource periodicity in positioning frequency
layer *i*. If the positioning frequency layer *i* has more than one DL
PRS resource sets with different PRS periodicities with muting,
${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}}*T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
the least common multiple of $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$
among DL PRS resource sets is used to derive $T_{PRS,i}$, where:

\- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource sets
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*.

\- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
muting.
$N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}*L_{\text{muting}}$,
where $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*,
and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the size of the bitmap
$\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$

If the following conditions are met, the
time$\ T_{\text{UERxTx}\text{,\ Total}}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) instances inside a PTW after both the
*NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF
to the UE via LPP \[34\]*.

\- UE is configured with RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s, and

\- periodic PRS measurement reporting is configured, and

\- RAN eDRX cycle is smaller or equal to the PRS measurement reporting
periodicity configured via higher layer parameter *reportingInterval* in
TS 37.355 \[34\], and

\- there is one or more PRS resources occurring in PTW.

Otherwise, the time$\ T_{\text{UERxTx}\text{,\ Total}}$ starts from the
first DL PRS resource(s) after both the
*NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF
to the UE via LPP \[34\].*

> NOTE 1: No per-positioning frequency layer requirement is applied in
> scenarios when multiple positioning frequency layers are configured.

If the RRC state transition occurs from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period then the UE
shall restart the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement after it obtains
SRS configuration and Timing Advance command from the serving cell.

If cell reselection occurs during the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period then the UE shall restart the UE Rx-Tx time
difference measurement after it obtains SRS configuration and Timing
Advance command from the new serving cell.

If cell reselection occurs, and UE reselects to a cell out of the
positioning validity area or if UE performs autonomous TA adjustment at
reselection, then UE shall restart the measurement.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource:

\- if the PRS resource is across two sampling duration of N within
duration $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ or

\- if time span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the
minimum number of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is
greater than UE reported capability N.

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period then the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period
can be longer.

If during UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period PRS resources
overlap with other DL signals/channels then the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is configured for multi-RTT, the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurements and PRS-RSRP measurements are performed over the same
measurement period.

When PRS-RSRPP is configured for multi-RTT, the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurements and PRS-RSRPP measurements are performed over the same
measurement period.

The requirements in clause 5.6.4 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideCapabilities,
and it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured,
subject to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If UE uplink transmission timing changes due to the network-configured
Timing Advance command during the UE Rx-Tx measurement period, then the
UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period is restarted after uplink
transmission timing changes, and the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period requirements in this clause shall not apply.

If UE uplink transmission timing changes due to the change in the
N~TA\_offset~ defined in table 7.1.2-2 during the UE Rx-Tx measurement
period, then the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period is
restarted after uplink transmission timing changes, and the UE Rx-Tx
time difference measurement period requirements in this clause shall not
apply.

#### 5.6.4.6 Measurement Period Requirements with Bandwidth Aggregation

The requirements in this clause apply provided that UE receives requests
from LMF to perform PRS measurement on aggregated positioning frequency
layers (PFLs) via *nr-DL-PRS-JointMeasurementRequestedPFL-List \[34\]*.

When physical layer receives last of
*NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF via LPP
\[34\]*, *the UE shall be able to measure multiple (*up to the UE
capability specified in clause 5.6.4.3*) UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurements, defined* in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the measurement period
$T_{UERxTx,Total}$ defined as:

$T_{UERxTx,total} = \ T_{UERxTx,\ aggr} + \ T_{UERxTx,non - aggr}\  + \ T_{\text{margin}}$

Where:

> \- $T_{UERxTx,\ aggr}$ is the total measurement period for aggregated
> measurements as defined in this clause, and
>
> \- $T_{UERxTx,non - aggr}$ is the total measurement period for
> non-aggregates measurements as defined in this clause, and
>
> \- $T_{\text{margin}} = T_{\text{margin}}^{'}$ is
> $\max\left( T_{effect,j} \right)$***, if both*** $T_{UERxTx,\ aggr}$
> ***and*** $T_{UERxTx,non - aggr}$ ***are non-zero, and***
> $T_{\text{margin}} =$ $0$ ***otherwise, where***
> $T_{\text{margin}}^{'} = \max\left( T_{effect,j} \right)$ ***and***
> $T_{effect,j}$ ***is the*** $T_{\text{effect}}$ ***from both PFL
> combination(s) and non-aggregated PFL(s) which are configured for
> positioning measurement***.

$T_{\text{UERxTx},non - aggr}$ is zero if every resource set on every
PFL is linked for aggregation with at least one other resource set on
another PFL. Otherwise, $T_{\text{UERxTx},non - aggr}$ is as defined in
clause 5.6.4.5 with the following exceptions,

> \- only PFLs containing resource set(s) not linked to any other
> resource set(s) are considered in $L$
>
> \- on each PFL $i$, only resource set(s) not linked to any other
> resource set(s) are considered in
> $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$,
> $N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}$ and $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE supports the capability of
> positioning measurements with reduced number of samples as indicated
> by *supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* specified in TS
> 37.355 \[34\], and the LMF requests the UE to perform positioning
> measurements with reduced number of samples,
>
> \- $\left( L - 1 \right)*\max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)$ ***is
> replace by*** $\left( L - 1 \right)*T_{\text{margin}}^{'}$.

$T_{\text{UERxTx},aggr}$ is zero if no resourse sets on any PFL are
linked for aggregation with other resource sets on other PFLs.
Otherwise, $T_{\text{UERxTx},aggr}$ is defined as

$T_{UERxTx,aggr} = \ \sum_{m = 1}^{M}T_{UERxTx,aggr,m} + \ \left( M - 1 \right)*T_{\text{margin}}^{'}{}\text{\ \ \ \ }$,

where:

> \- $m$ is the index of PFL combination,
>
> \- $M$ is total number of PFL combinations,
>
> \- $T_{effect,aggr,m}$ is the periodicity of the PRS measurement in
> PFL combination $m$ as defined in this clause,
>
> \- $T_{UERxTx,aggr,m}$ is the measurement period for *UE Rx-Tx time
> difference* measurement in PFL combination $m$ as specified below.

$$T_{UERxTx,aggr,m} = \left( K_{carrier,aggr}*N_{Rx,TEG,aggr,m}*N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{PRS,aggr,m}^{\text{slot}}}{N_{aggr,m}^{'}} \right\rceil*\left\lceil \frac{L_{\text{available}_{\text{PRS}},aggr,m}}{N_{aggr,m}} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T_{effect,aggr,m} + \text{T}_{\text{last},aggr,m}$$

where:

> \- $K_{carrier,aggr}$ is a scaling factor for PRS measurements in
> RRC\_INACTIVE, and is defined as:

\- $K_{carrier,aggr} = 1$ if the UE supports
*parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*,

\- Otherwise,

> \- If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier,aggr} = K_{\text{carrier}} + 1$, where
> $K_{\text{carrier}}$ **is** defined in clause 4.2.2.4
>
> \- If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier,aggr} = N_{\text{layers}} + 1$, where $N_{\text{layers}}$
> **is** defined in clause 4.2.2.7.
>
> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,aggr,m}$ is a scaling factor for PRS measurements with
> multiple Rx TEGs, and is defined as:

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,aggr,m}$ =1 if the UE is not configured by the LMF to
measure a PRS resource with multiple Rx TEGs via
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\].

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,aggr,m}$ is defined as follows if the UE is configured by
the LMF with *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\]
to perform measurement on same DL PRS resource of a TRP using different
Rx TEGs in *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* \[34\]:

> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ P$, if the UE is not capable of receiving same
> DL PRS resource simultaneously from multiple Rx TEGs, where P is the
> number of UE Rx TEGs that the UE is requested by LMF to measure the
> same DL-PRS Resource of a TRP indicated by
> *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* in \[34\], and in
> case 'n0' is indicated, P is the maximum number of Rx TEGs with which
> UE can support to measure the same PRS resource as reported in
> *NR-UE-TEG-Capability*.
>
> \- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ \left\lceil \frac{P}{Q} \right\rceil\ $, if the
> UE is capable of receiving the same DL PRS resource simultaneously
> from multiple Rx TEGs, where $Q$ is the number of UE Rx TEGs for
> measuring the same DL-PRS Resource simultaneously indicated by
> *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGsSimul-r17* in \[34\].
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ is a scaling factor for PRS measurements with
> multiple Rx beams, and is defined as
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ = 1 if PFL combination *m* is in FR1,
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ is defined as follows if PFL combination *m* is
> in FR2
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
> *supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* if the capability is reported
> by the UE for the band containing PFL combination *m*, and LMF
> indicates *lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in
> *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation*,
>
> \- $N_{RxBeam,aggr,m}$ equals to 8 otherwise
>
> \- $N_{PRS,aggr,m}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS
> resources in PFL combination *m* configured in a slot, and only the
> PRS resources in resource set(s) linked to other resource set in PFL
> combination *m* are counted
>
> \- $N_{aggr,m}^{'}$ is the UE capability on maximum number of DL PRS
> resources that can be processed in a slot for PFL combination *m* as
> indicated by *maxNumOfAggregatedDL-PRS-ResourcePerSlot-FR1-r18 for FR1
> and maxNumOfAggregatedDL-PRS-ResourcePerSlot-FR2-r18 for FR2*
> specified in TS 37.355 \[34\].
>
> \- $L_{\text{available}_{\text{PRS}},aggr,m}$ is the time duration of
> available PRS resources in PFL combination *m* to be measured during
> $T_{PRS,aggr,m}$, and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K
> defined in clause 5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of
> $L_{\text{available}_{\text{PRS}},aggr,m}$, only unmuted PRS resources
> in resource set(s) linked to other resource set in PFL combination *m*
> and that are not fully overlapped with other higher-priority DL
> signals/channels are considered.
>
> \- $N_{aggr,m}$ is the UE capability on duration of DL PRS resources
> in ms for PFL combination *m* as indicated by
> *prs-durationOfTwoPRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsN-r18* or
> *prs-durationOfThreePRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsN-r18* specified in TS
> 37.355 \[34\].
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is number of PRS measurement samples,
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE supports the capability of
> positioning measurements with reduced number of samples as indicated
> by *reducedNumOfSampleInMeasurementWithPRS-BWA-RRC-IdleAndInactive*
> specified in TS 37.355 \[34\], and the LMF requests the UE to perform
> positioning measurements with reduced number of samples,
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise.
>
> \- $T_{effect,aggr,m}$ is the periodicity of the PRS measurement in
> PFL combination $m$,
>
> $T_{effect,aggr,m} = \left\lceil \frac{T_{aggr,m}}{T_{available,PRS,aggr,m}} \right\rceil*T_{available,PRS,aggr,m}$
>
> \- $T_{aggr,m}$ is the UE capability on time for processing of DL PRS
> resources in ms for PFL combination *m* as indicated by
> *prs-durationOfTwoPRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsT-r18* or
> *prs-durationOfThreePRS-BWA-ProcessingSymbolsT* specified in TS 37.355
> \[34\].
>
> \-
> $T_{available,PRS,aggr,m} = LCM\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
> the least common multiple between
> $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}}$ and the DRX cycle length
> $T_{\text{DRX}}$, where $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}}$ is the
> periodicity of DL PRS resource with muting on PFL combination $m$.
>
> \- If more than one PRS periodicities are configured in PFL
> combination $m$, the least common multiple of PRS periodicities
> $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$ among all DL PRS resource
> sets that are linked to other resource set in PFL combination $m$, is
> used to derive $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,}\text{aggr,m}}$, and for each
> applicable PRS resource set,
>
> \-
> ${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}}*T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
> is the PRS periodicity with muting per PRS resource, and
>
> \- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource
> set given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*, and
>
> \- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
> muting.
> $N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}*L_{\text{muting}}$,
> where $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
> given by the higher-layer parameter
> *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*, and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the
> size of the bitmap $\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$.
>
> \- $\text{T}_{\text{last},aggr,m}$ is the measurement duration for the
> last PRS sample in PFL combination $m$, including the sampling time
> and processing time,
> $\text{T}_{\text{last},aggr,m} = T_{aggr,m} + T_{available,PRS,aggr,m}$.

The requirements in this clause for aggregated measurements apply
provided that the linked PRS resource sets on multiple PFLs for
aggregated measurements are transmitted by the TRP using single Tx chain
as defined in clause 5.1.6.5.3 in TS 38.214 \[26\].

If PRS resources in one or more of the aggregated PFLs in PFL
combination $m$ are dropped because of collision with other signals,
$T_{RSTD,aggr,m}$ *can be longer than specified above.*

The time$\ T_{UERxTx,total}$ starts from the first DRX cycle containing
the DL PRS resource(s) in the assistance data after both the
*NR-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation* message and
*NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideAssistanceData message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\].*

> NOTE: No separate requirement on non-aggregated measurement based on
> $T_{\text{UERxTx},non - aggr}$ or on aggregated measurement based on
> $T_{\text{UERxTx},aggr}$ is applied when ***both***
> $T_{UERxTx,\ aggr}$ ***and*** $T_{UERxTx,non - aggr}$ ***are
> non-zero***.

If the RRC state transition occurs from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period then the UE
shall restart the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement after it obtains
SRS configuration and Timing Advance command from the serving cell.

If cell reselection occurs during the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period then the UE shall restart the UE Rx-Tx time
difference measurement after it obtains SRS configuration and Timing
Advance command from the new serving cell.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource:

> \- if the PRS resource is across two sampling duration of N within
> duration $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ or
>
> \- if time span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the
> minimum number of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements)
> is greater than UE reported capability N.

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period then the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period
can be longer.

If $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ changes for any PFL or any PFL combination during
the measurement period, the measurement period could be longer.

If during UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period PRS resources
overlap with other DL signals/channels then the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is configured for multi-RTT, the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurements and PRS-RSRP measurements are performed over the same
measurement period. When PRS-RSRPP is configured for multi-RTT, the UE
Rx-Tx time difference measurements and PRS-RSRPP are performed over the
same measurement period.

The requirements in clause 5.6.4 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideCapabilities,
and it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured,
subject to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If UE uplink transmission timing changes due to the network-configured
Timing Advance command during the UE Rx-Tx measurement period, then the
UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period is restarted after uplink
transmission timing changes, and the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period requirements in this clause shall not apply.

If UE uplink transmission timing changes due to the change in the
N~TA\_offset~ defined in table 7.1.2-2 during the UE Rx-Tx measurement
period, then the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period is
restarted after uplink transmission timing changes, and the UE Rx-Tx
time difference measurement period requirements in this clause shall not
apply.

The UE shall meet the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement accuracy
requirements in clause 10.1.25A.2.

### 5.6.5 PRS-RSRPP measurements

#### 5.6.5.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 5.6.5 shall apply provided the UE has
received a message from LMF via LPP requesting the UE to measure and
report PRS-RSRPP measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\]. And the UE is
capable of supporting the PRS-RSRPP measurement in RRC INACTIVE state.

#### 5.6.5.2 Requirements Applicability

The requirements in clause 5.6.5 apply for periodic and triggered
PRS-RSRPP measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSRPP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.38 are met for
a corresponding Band.

#### 5.6.5.3 Measurement Capability

UE PRS-RSRPP measurement capability is as indicated by the UE in
*NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities* according to TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 5.6.5.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. If the UE supports reporting of NR positioning measurements
via SDT, the UE may be able to report the measurements while it remains
in RRC\_INACTIVE state; otherwise, the UE will transition to
RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to transmitting the measurement report.

For PRS-RSRPP measurements performed by the UE in RRC\_INACTIVE state,
the measurement reporting delay excludes all of the following:

\- any delay caused by other LPP signalling on the DCCH,

\- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report in
the TTI of the uplink DCCH which is equal to 2 x TTI~DCCH~ where
TTI~DCCH~ is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the
measurement report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or
subslot duration,

\- any delay caused by no UL resources for UE to send the measurement
report,

\- any transmission delay needed by SDT,

\- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

The reported PRS-RSRPP measurement values contained in measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clause 10.1.38.3.

The PRS-RSRPP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1.38.2.

#### 5.6.5.5 Measurement Period Requirements

When the physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message in
RRC\_INACTIVE state*, measurement period requirements for PRS-RSRP
defined in clause 5.6.3.5 is re-used for PRS-RSRPP measurement.

### 5.6.6 TA validation requirements for positioning

#### 5.6.6.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 5.6.6 shall apply when the UE is configured
with the SRS transmission on the PCell and with
*inactivePosSRS-RSRP-ChangeThreshold* for the time alignment (TA)
validation before the SRS transmission \[2\].

#### 5.6.6.2 TA validation requirements

*When inactivePosSRS-RSRP-ChangeThreshold* *\[2\] is configured for TA
validation based on the RSRP change criterion according to clause 5.26.2
in \[7\], the UE is allowed to transmit the SRS using the timing derived
using the latest available* $N_{\text{TA}}$ *value as specified in
subclause 7.1 provided that the following conditions are met:*

\- the first RSRP (RSRP~1~) measurement and the second RSRP (RSRP~2~)
measurements used in the TA validation are valid measurements and,

\- TA for the SRS transmission is valid according to the TA validation
criteria in clause 5.26.2 in \[7\].

*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~ are* considered valid provided that the conditions
in table 5.6.6.2-1 and table 5.6.6.2-2 are met for FR1 and FR2-1
respectively.

Table 5.6.6.2-1 Valid measurement for FR1

  Measurement   FR1
  ------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  RSRP~1~       (T1 -- min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~)) ≤ T1' ≤ (T1 + min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~))
  RSRP~2~       (T2 -- min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~)) ≤ T2' ≤ T2

Table 5.6.6.2-2 Valid measurement for FR2-1

  Measurement   FR2-1
  ------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  RSRP~1~       (T1 -- max(480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity)) ≤ T1' ≤ (T1 + max(480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity))
  RSRP~2~       (T2 -- max(480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity)) ≤ T2' ≤ T2

If at least one of *RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~* is invalid based on the above
conditions, then the UE shall not validate the SRS transmission using
*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~* and shall not transmit the SRS. The UE shall not
transmit in an SRS resource that occurs more than 640 ms after T2.

*Where:*

> \- T1 is the time when:
>
> \- *RRCRelease* with *SRS-PosRRC-InactiveConfig* \[2\] is received by
> the UE, or
>
> \- the latest TA is received by the UE while the UE is in
> RRC\_INACTIVE state.
>
> \- T1' is the time when the UE has completed RSRP~1~.
>
> \- T2 is the time when the UE performs TA validation as defined in
> clause 5.26.2 in \[7\] for the SRS transmission.
>
> \- T2' is the time when the UE has completed RSRP~2~.
>
> \- T~DRX~ is the DRX cycle length in ms.
>
> \- M1 the scaling factor as defined in clause 4.2.2.2.

#### 5.6.6.3 TA validation requirements when configured with validity area

*The requirement in this section shall apply when the UE is configured
with:*

*- inactivePosSRS-ValidityAreaRSRP* \[2\] for TA validation based on the
RSRP change criterion according to clause 5.26.2 in \[7\] and

*- SRS-PosRRC-InactiveValidityAreaConfig* \[2\] for SRS for positioning
configuration which is valid during RRC\_INACTIVE state across the cells
included in *srs-PosRRC-InactiveValidityArea area* \[2\].

*The UE is allowed to transmit the SRS using the timing derived using
the latest available* $N_{\text{TA}}$ *value as specified in subclause
7.1 and is allowed to perform the cell reselection to a cell included in
srs-PosRRC-InactiveValidityArea area \[2\], provided that the following
conditions are met:*

the first RSRP (RSRP~1~) measurement and the second RSRP (RSRP~2~)
measurements used in the TA validation are valid measurements and,

TA for the SRS transmission is valid according to the TA validation
criteria defined in clause 5.26.2 in \[7\].

*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~ are measured by the UE from the same camped cell.
RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~ are* considered valid provided that the conditions
in table 5.6.6.3-1 and table 5.6.6.3-2 are met for FR1 and FR2-1
respectively.

Table 5.6.6.3-1 Valid measurement for FR1

  Measurement   FR1
  ------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  RSRP~1~       (T1 -- min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~)) ≤ T1' ≤ (T1 + min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~))
  RSRP~2~       (T2 -- min(640 ms, M1\*T~DRX~)) ≤ T2' ≤ T2

Table 5.6.6.3-2 Valid measurement for FR2-1

  Measurement   FR2-1
  ------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  RSRP~1~       (T1 -- max(480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity)) ≤ T1' ≤ (T1 + max(480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity))
  RSRP~2~       (T2 -- max(480 ms, 8\*SMTC periodicity)) ≤ T2' ≤ T2

If at least one of *RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~* is invalid based on the above
conditions, then the UE shall not validate the SRS transmission using
*RSRP~1~ and RSRP~2~* and shall not transmit the SRS. The UE shall not
transmit in an SRS resource that occurs more than 640 ms after T2.

*Where:*

> \- T1 is the time when:
>
> \- *RRCRelease* with *SRS-PosRRC-InactiveConfig* \[2\] is received by
> the UE, or
>
> \- the latest TA is received by the UE while in RRC\_INACTIVE state,
> or
>
> \- according to clause 7.1.2.4, the UE while in RRC\_INACTIVE state
> has autonomously adjusted the TA during the cell reselection to a cell
> included in *srs-PosRRC-InactiveValidityArea area* \[2\].
>
> \- T1' is the time when the UE has completed RSRP~1~.
>
> \- T2 is the time when the UE performs TA validation as defined in
> clause 5.26.2 in \[7\] for the SRS transmission.
>
> \- T2' is the time when the UE has completed RSRP~2~.
>
> \- T~DRX~ is the DRX cycle length in ms.
>
> \- M1 the scaling factor as defined in clause 4.2.2.2.

### 5.6.7 Measurement requirements for DL RSCPD reported with RSTD

#### 5.6.7.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 5.6.7 shall apply provided the UE has
received *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* message with
*dl-PRS-RSCPD-Request-r18* from the LMF via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE
to measure and report RSCPD measurement together with DL RSTD
measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\].

#### 5.6.7.2 Requirements Applicability

The requirements in clause 5.6.7 apply for periodic and triggered
reporting of RSCPD with RSTD measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSTD related side conditions given in clause 10.1.23.2 for FR1
and FR2 are fulfilled, for a corresponding Band.

\- RSCPD related side conditions given in clause 10.1.43.2 for FR1 and
FR2 are fulfilled, for a corresponding Band.

#### 5.6.7.3 Measurement Capability

The UE PRS RSTD and DL-RSCPD measurement measurement capabilities in
RRC\_INACTIVE state are as indicated by the UE in
*NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities*, according to TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 5.6.7.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay shall satisfy the requirements defined
in clause 5.6.2.4, and the applicable measurement report mapping and
measurement accuracy requirements are specified below.

The reported RSTD measurement values contained in measurement reports
shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements specified
in clause 10.1.23.3.

The reported RSCPD measurement values contained in the measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clauses 10.1.43.3.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.23.2, for each measured DL PRS resource.

The RSCPD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSCPD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1.43.2, for the measured DL PRS resource.

#### 5.6.7.5 Measurements Period Requirements

After receiving both *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message with
dl-PRS-RSCPD-Request-r18 from the LMF via LPP \[34\],* when LMF
configures measurement time window(s) for a PFL, *the UE shall be able
to measure multiple (*up to the UE capability specified in clause
5.6.7.3*) DL RSTD and RSCPD measurements, defined* in TS 38.215 \[4\],
during the time window configured to UE via
*nr-DL-PRS-MeasurementTimeWindowsConfig.*

When LMF does not configure measurement time window(s):

> \- When a single PFL is configured, requirements in clause 5.6.2.5
> apply to both RSCPD and RSTD measurements.
>
> \- When multiple PFLs are configured for legacy measurements, the UE
> performs RSCPD measurement on a single PFL that is common between the
> reference TRP and the target TRP. The requirement in clause 5.6.2.5
> apply to both RSTD and RSCPD measurements.

When LMF configures measurement time window(s), but UE does not support
RSCPD measurement inside time window as indicated in
*supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow*:

> \- The UE performs RSCPD measurement on the indicated PFL by the
> network. The requirements in clause 5.6.2.5 apply to both RSTD and
> RSCPD measurements.

When LMF configures measurement time window(s), but UE does not support
RSTD measurement inside time window as indicated in
*supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow* but supports RSCPD measurement
inside time window as indicated in *supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow*:

> \- The requirements in the clause 5.6.2.5 apply to RSTD measurements.
>
> \- The requirements in clause 5.6.7.5 apply to RSCPD measurement for
> the PRS resource(s) that have occasions only within the measurement
> time window.

When LMF configures measurement time window(s), and UE supports RSTD and
RSCPD measurements inside time window as indicated in
*supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow*:

\- The requirements in Clause 5.6.7.5 apply to DL RSTD measurement and
DL RSCPD measurement.

If a one-shot time window is configured*, the UE shall be able to
measure multiple (*up to the UE capability specified in clause 5.6.7.3*)
DL RSTD and DL RSCPD measurements, defined* in TS 38.215 \[4\], *based
on the indicated PRS resource sets occurring inside the* one-shot *time
window* during the measurement period $T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,Total}$
defined as:

$T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,Total} = {min(L}_{\text{window}},10\ \text{ms}) + T_{i}$
*,*

and the UE shall be able to measure multiple DL RSTD measurements,
defined in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the measurement period
$T_{RSTD,Total,with\ one\ shot\ window}$ defined as:

$$T_{RSTD,Total,\ with\ one\ shot\ window} = T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,Total} + max\left( T_{effect,i} \right) + T_{RSTD,Total}$$

Where:

> \- the start of the measurement is the start of the one-shot time
> window, and
>
> \- $L_{\text{window}}$ is the length of the one-shot window, and
>
> \- $T_{effect,i}$ ***and*** $T_{i}$ ***are*** defined in the following
> of this clause, and
>
> \- $T_{\text{RSTD},\text{Total}}$ is defined in clause 5.6.2.5.

The requirements with one-shot window assume scaling factors equal to 1
for the PFLs, for which the one-shot time window is configured.

If a periodic time window is configured, the UE shall be able to measure
multiple (up to the UE capability specified in clause 5.6.8.3) DL RSTD
and DL RSCPD measurements, defined in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the
measurement period $T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,Total}$ defined as:

$$T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,Total} = \sum_{i = 1}^{L}{T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,i} + \ \left( L - 1 \right)*\max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)\ }$$

Where:

> \- $i$ is the index of positioning frequency layer,
>
> \- $L$ is total number of positioning frequency layers, and
>
> \- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS RSTD measurement in
> positioning frequency layer i

$T_{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD,i}$ is the measurement period for PRS RSTD with
RSCPD measurement in positioning frequency layer *i* as specified below:

$T_{\text{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD}} = {\left( {K_{carrier\_ PRS}*\ N_{Rx,TEG,i}*N}_{RxBeam,i}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}}{N^{'}} \right\rceil*\left\lceil \frac{L_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i}}{N} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T}_{effect,i} + T_{last,i}$
,

where:

\- $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$, $N_{\text{Rx},TEG,i}$, $N_{RxBeam,i}$,
$N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}$, $N$, $N’$, $N_{\text{sample}}$,
$T_{effect,i}$ and $T_{last,i}$ are defined in clause 5.6.2.5

\- $L_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i}$ is the time duration of
available PRS in the positioning frequency layer to be measured during
$T_{\text{PRS}}$, and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K
defined in clause 5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of
$L_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i}$, only unmuted PRS resources that
are not fully overlapped with other higher-priority DL signals/channels
are considered.

> \- When periodic time window(s) are configured by the LMF and PFL *i*
> is associated with the configured time window,
> $T_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i} = \text{LCM}\left( T_{PRS,i},T_{\text{DRX}},\ T_{\text{window}} \right)$,
> the least common multiple between $T_{PRS,i}$ , the DRX cycle length
> $T_{\text{DRX}}\ $and T~window~ being the maximum periodicity of the
> indicated time window(s). $T_{\text{PRS.i}}$ is defined in clause
> 5.6.2.5.

\- When periodic time window(s) are configured by the LMF and PFL *i* is
not associated with the configured time window(s),
$T_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i} = LCM\left( T_{PRS,i},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
the least common multiple between $T_{PRS,i}$ and the DRX cycle length
$T_{\text{DRX}}$ . $\text{\ T}_{PRS,i}$ is defined in clause 5.6.2.5.

*-* $L_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i}$ *and* $T_{PRS,i}$ *are
calculated by* only considering the PRS resources in the indicated
resources sets overlapping with the indicated time window(s).

The time$\ T_{\text{RSCPD\ with\ RSTD}}$ *s*tarts from the first time
window (T~DL\ RSCPD~) configured by LMF within DRX cycle containing the
DL PRS resource(s) in the assistance data after both the
*NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\].*

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the measurement period, then the
measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is configured for DL-TDOAwith a request to perform RSCPD
measurement with RSTD measurement, RSCPD with RSTD and PRS-RSRP are
performed over the same measurement period.

When PRS-RSRPP is configured for DL-TDOA with a request to perform RSCPD
measurement with RSTD measurement, RSCPD with RSTD and PRS-RSRPP are
performed over the same measurement period.

The measurement requirements do not apply to any PRS resource that
always collides with other higher-priority DL signals/channels, as
specified in clause 5.6.1.

Longer measurement period is expected when there are collisions between
PRS resources and other higher-priority DL signals/channels.

If $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$ changes for the PFL during the measurement
period, the measurement period can be longer.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if the PRS
resource is across two sampling duration of N within duration
$L_{available\_ PRS}$.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if time
span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the minimum number
of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is greater than
UE reported capability N.

The requirements in clause 5.6.7 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities, and
it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured, subject
to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If cell re-selection occurs while RSCPD together with RSTD measurements
are being performed, then the UE shall continue and complete the
on-going RSCPD and RSTD measurements after the cell re-selection is
completed. The measurement period can be longer.

If the RRC state transition occurs from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the measurement period then the UE shall continue the RSCPD
and RSTD measurements in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The measurement
period can be longer.

### 5.6.8 Measurement requirements for DL RSCP reported with UE Rx-Tx time difference

#### 5.6.8.1 Introduction

The requirements in this clause shall apply, provided the UE has
received *nr-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation* message with
*dl-PRS-RSCP-Request-r18* from LMF via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to
measure and report one or more DL RSCP measurements together with UE
Rx-Tx time difference measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\].

#### 5.6.8.2 Requirements Applicability

The requirements in clause 5.6.8 apply for periodic and triggered UE
Rx-Tx time difference measurements, provided:

\- UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement related side conditions given in
clause 10.1.25.2 are met for a corresponding band.

\- DL RSCP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.44.2 for FR1 and
FR2 are fulfilled, for a corresponding Band.

\- SRS is configured on the PCell.

#### 5.6.8.3 Measurement Capability

UE Rx-Tx time difference and DL-RSCP measurement capabilities are as
indicated by the UE in *NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideCapabilities,* according to
TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 5.6.8.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment the measurement report is triggered and the moment when the UE
starts to transmit the measurement report over the air interface.

This measurement reporting delay excludes the delay caused by any of the
following:

\- delay caused by other LPP signalling on the DCCH.

\- delay uncertainty resulted when inserting the measurement report to
the TTI of the uplink DCCH. The delay uncertainty is: 2 x TTI~DCCH~
where TTI~DCCH~ is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the
measurement report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or
subslot duration.

\- delay caused due to lack of UL resources for UE to send the
measurement report.

\- delay required by SDT for reporting the measurement using SDT
resources.

\- delay required for transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state for report the
measurement in RRC\_CONNECTED.

The UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement values contained in measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clause 10.1.25.3.

The DL RSCP measurement values contained in measurement reports shall be
based on the measurement report mapping requirements specified in clause
10.1.44.3.

The UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement accuracy for all measured DL
PRS resources shall be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements
specified in clause 10.1.25.2.

The DL RSCP measurement accuracy for all measured DL PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in clause
10.1.44.2.

#### 5.6.8.5 Measurement Period Requirements

When the physical layer receives the last of
*NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF via LPP
\[34\]* with *dl-PRS-RSCP-Request-r18 and configuring* a measurement
time window via *nr-DL-PRS-MeasurementTimeWindowsConfig,* subject to UE
capabilities *supportOfRSCP-MeasurementInTimeWindow* and
*supportOfLegacyMeasurementInTimeWindow, the UE shall be able to measure
multiple* (up to the UE capability specified in clause 5.6.8.3) *UE
Rx-Tx and DL RSCP measurements, defined* in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the
time window only.

When LMF does not configure measurement time window(s):

\- When a single PFL is configured, requirements in clause 5.6.4.5 apply
to both RSCP and UE Rx-Tx measurements.

\- When multiple PFLs are configured for legacy measurements, the UE
performs RSCP measurement on a single PFL that is common between the
reference TRP and the target TRP. The requirement in clause 5.6.4.5
apply to both RSCP and UE Rx-Tx measurements.

When LMF configures measurement time window(s), but UE does not support
DL RSCP measurement inside time window as indicated in
*supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow*:

\- The UE performs RSCP measurement on the indicated PFL by the network.
The requirement in clause 5.6.4.5 apply to both UE Rx-Tx and RSCP
measurements.

When LMF configures measurement time window(s), but UE does not support
UE Rx-Tx measurement inside time window as indicated in
*supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow,* but supports DL RSCP measurement
inside time window as indicated in *supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow*:

\- The requirements in the clause 5.6.4.5 apply to UE Rx-Tx measurement.

\- The requirements in clause 5.6.8.5 apply to RSCP measurement for the
PRS resource(s) that have occasions only within the measurement time
window.

When LMF configures measurement time window(s), and UE supports DL RSCP
and UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements inside time window as
indicated in *supportOfMeasurementsInTimeWindow*:

> \- The requirements in Clause 5.6.8.5 apply to UE Rx-Tx measurement
> and DL RSCP measurement.

If a one-shot time window is configured*, the UE shall be able to
measure multiple (*up to the UE capability specified in clause
5.6.8.3*)* UE Rx-Tx and DL RSCP *measurements, defined* in TS 38.215
\[4\], *based on the indicated PRS resource sets occurring inside the*
one-shot *time window* during the measurement period
$T_{DL\ RSCP\ with\ UERxTx,Total}$ defined as:

$T_{DL\ RSCP\ with\ UERxTx,Total} = {min(L}_{\text{window}},10\ \text{ms}) + T_{i}$
*,*

and the UE shall be able to measure multiple UE Rx-Tx measurements,
defined in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the measurement period
$T_{UERxTx,Total,with\ one\ shot\ window}$ defined as:

$$T_{UERxTx,Total,with\ one\ shot\ window} = T_{DL\ RSCP\ with\ UERxTx,Total} + max\left( T_{effect,i} \right) + T_{UERxTx,Total}$$

Where:

> \- the start of the measurement is the start of the one-shot time
> window, and
>
> \- $L_{\text{window}}$ is the length of the one-shot window, and
>
> \- $T_{effect,i}$ ***and*** $T_{i}$ ***are*** defined in the following
> of this clause, and
>
> \- $T_{UERxTx,Total}$ is defined in clause 5.6.4.5.

The requirements with one-shot window assume scaling factors equal to 1
for the PFLs, for which the one-shot time window is configured.

If a periodic time window is configured, the UE shall be able to measure
multiple (up to the UE capability specified in clause 5.6.8.3) UE Rx-Tx
and DL RSCP measurements, defined in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the
measurement period $T_{DL\ RSCP\ with\ UERxTx,Total}$ defined as:

$T_{RSCP\ with\ UERxTx,Total} = \sum_{i = 1}^{L}{T_{DL\ RSCP\ with\ UERxTx,i} + \ \left( L - 1 \right)*\max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)\ }$

where:

\- $i$ is the index of positioning frequency layer,

\- $L$ is total number of positioning frequency layers, and

\- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement in positioning frequency layer *i*.

$T_{DL\ RSCP\ with\ UERxTx,i}$ is the measurement period for DL RSCP
with UE Rx-Tx measurement in positioning frequency layer *i* as
specified below:

$T_{DL\ RSCP\ with\ UERxTx,i} = {\left( {K_{carrier\_ PRS}*N_{RxTx,TEG,i}*N}_{RxBeam,i}*\left\lceil \frac{N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}}{N^{'}} \right\rceil\left\lceil \frac{L_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i}}{N} \right\rceil*N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right)*T}_{effect,i} + \text{T}_{\text{last}\text{,i}}$,

where:

\- $K_{carrier\_ PRS}$, $N_{\text{RxTx},TEG,i}$, $N_{RxBeam,i}$,
$N_{\text{PRS},i}^{\text{slot}}$, $N$, $N’$, $N_{\text{sample}}$,
$T_{effect,i}$ and $\text{T}_{\text{last}\text{,i}}$ are defined in
clause 5.6.4.5.

\- DL-RSCP performed during $T_{\text{DL\ RSCP\ with\ UERxTx}}$ is a
single sample measurement where DL RSCP and UE Rx-Tx measurements are
performed on the same PFL.

\- $L_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i}$ is the time duration of
available PRS resources in the positioning frequency layer *i*, to be
measured during $T_{PRS,i}$, and is calculated in the same way as PRS
duration K defined in clause 5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For
calculation of $L_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i}$, only unmuted PRS
resources that are not fully overlapped with other higher-priority DL
signals/channels are considered.

> \- When periodic time window(s) are configured by the LMF and PFL *i*
> is associated with the configured time window,
> $T_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i} = \ \text{LCM}\left( T_{PRS,i},T_{\text{DRX}},\ T_{\text{window}} \right)$,
> the least common multiple between $T_{PRS,i}$ , $T_{\text{DRX}}\ $and
> T~window~ being the maximum periodicity of the indicated time
> window(s).

\- When periodic time window(s) are configured by the LMF and PFL *i* is
not associated with the configured time window(s),
$T_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i} = LCM\left( T_{PRS,i},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
the least common multiple between $T_{PRS,i}$ and the DRX cycle length
$T_{\text{DRX}}$ .

> *-* $L_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i}$ *and* $T_{PRS,i}$ *are
> calculated by* only considering the PRS resources in the indicated
> resources sets overlapping with the indicated time window(s).

The time $T_{\text{DL\ RSCP\ with\ UERxTx}}$ starts from the first time
window (T~DL\ RSCP~) configured by LMF within DRX cycle containing the
DL PRS resources in the assistance data after both the
*NR-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation message and
NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideAssistanceData message from LMF via LPP \[34\] are
delivered to the physical layer of UE.*

If the RRC state transition occurs from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the measurement period then the UE shall continue the DL
RSCP measurement and shall restart the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement after it obtains SRS configuration and Timing Advance
command from the serving cell.

If cell reselection occurs during the measurement period then the UE
shall restart the DL RSCP and UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements
after it obtains SRS configuration and Timing Advance command from the
new serving cell.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource:

\- if the PRS resource is across two sampling duration of N within
duration $L_{\text{availabl}e_{\text{PRS}},i}$ or

\- if time span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the
minimum number of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is
greater than UE reported capability N.

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the measurement period, then the
measurement period can be longer.

If during the measurement period, PRS resources overlap with other DL
signals/channels then the measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is configured for multi-RTT, the DL RSCP with UE Rx-Tx
time difference measurements and PRS-RSRP measurements are performed
over the same measurement period.

When PRS-RSRPP is configured for multi-RTT, the DL RSCP with UE Rx-Tx
time difference measurements and PRS-RSRPP measurements are performed
over the same measurement period.

The requirements in clause 5.6.8 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideCapabilities,
and it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured,
subject to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If UE uplink transmission timing changes due to the network-configured
Timing Advance command during the DL RSCP with UE Rx-Tx measurement
period, then the DL RSCP with UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement
period is restarted after uplink transmission timing changes, and the DL
RSCP and UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period requirements in
this clause shall not apply.

If UE uplink transmission timing changes due to the change in the
N~TA\_offset~ defined in table 7.1.2-2 during the DL RSCP with UE Rx-Tx
measurement period, then the DL RSCP with UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period is restarted after uplink transmission timing
changes, and the DL RSCP and UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period
requirements in this clause shall not apply.

If UE uplink transmission timing changes due to the UE autonomous timing
adjustment defined in clause 7.1.2 during the measurement period, then:

\- DL RSCP and UE Rx-Tx measurement period requirements in this clause
shall apply for a cell, which is also the downlink reference cell
(defined in section 7.1.1) for SRS transmission.

\- DL RSCP and UE Rx-Tx measurement period requirements in this clause
shall not apply for a cell, which is not the downlink reference cell
(defined in section 7.1.1) for SRS transmission. The DL RSCP with UE
Rx-Tx time difference measurement period may be restarted in such case.

5.6A NR measurements for positioning for RedCap
-----------------------------------------------

### 5.6A.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements for RedCap UE capable of performing NR
positioning measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\], including RSTD,
PRS-RSRP, UE Rx-Tx time difference and PRS-RSRPP, in RRC\_INACTIVE
state.

The requirements in clauses 5.6A.4, 5.6A.5, 5.6A.6 and 5.6A.7 are
applicable to PRS resources that do not collide with other DL
signals/channels which include SSB, SIB1, CORESET0, MSG2/MSGB, paging
and DL SDT. In addition, a UE is not expected to receive PRS resources
that collide with a time interval starting at symbol *m* and ending at
symbol *m + N~2~*, where symbol *m* is the last symbol in which the UE
is configured to receive PDCCH and *N~2~* is defined in clause 6.4 of TS
38.214 \[26\] for the subcarrier spacing μ of the DL PRS.

If a PRS resource is outside or partially overlapped with the initial DL
BWP, a PRS resource instance collides with another DL
signals/channel~~s~~ if any portion of the other DL signal/channel
overlaps with the time interval starting X symbols before the PRS
instance and ending X symbols after the PRS instance, taking into
account *nr-DL- PRS-ExpectedRSTD-Uncertainty* and
*nr-DL-PRS-ExpectedRSTD.* Where X is defined in table 5.6.1-1.

All measurement requirements specified in clauses 5.6A.4, 5.6A.5, 5.6A.6
and 5.6A.7 shall apply for DRX and eDRX configuration specified in
TS 38.331 \[2\].

The requirements in clauses 5.6A.4, 5.6A.5, 5.6A.6 and 5.6A.7 are
applicable provided that the cell selection procedure for the selected
PLMN defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] is not triggered during PRS measurement
period.

The requirements in clauses 5.6A.4, 5.6A.5, 5.6A.6 and 5.6A.7 apply
provided that all PRS resources within a PFL are within up to 2 separate
windows within T~PRS,i~ for each positioning frequency layer *i*, where
each window is up to 10 ms. T~PRS,i~ is defined in clauses 5.6A.4,
5.6A.5, 5.6A.6 and 5.6A.7.

The UE is not required to perform additional SSB measurement for the SSB
configured as QCL source of PRS resources.

When the UE is configured with measurement for more than one positioning
requests, the measurement period for each request may be longer than
measurement period when UE is configured with measurement for single
positioning request.

### 5.6A.2 Cell re-selection for positioning

The requirements in this clause apply for RedCap UE, when the UE is
configured to perform SRS transmission for positioning.

The requirements in clause 5.1B.2 shall apply in the following
conditions.

> \- UE is not configured with eDRX\_IDLE, or
>
> \- UE is configured with eDRX\_IDLE but without eDRX\_INACTIVE, or
>
> \- UE is configured with both eDRX\_IDLE and eDRX\_INACTIVE, and
> eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle is smaller or equal to T~POS~,

where T~POS~ is

> \- SRS transmission periodicity, if UE is configured to only perform
> SRS transmission for positioning, or if UE is configured to both
> perform PRS measurements without periodic reporting and to perform SRS
> transmission for positioning,
>
> \- the minimum of PRS measurement reporting periodicity and SRS
> transmission periodicity, if UE is configured to both perform PRS
> measurements with periodic reporting and to perform SRS transmission
> for positioning.

NOTE: PRS measurement reporting periodicity is the configured
*reportingInterval* in *RequestLocationInformation as defined in
\[34\].*

When UE is configured with both eDRX\_IDLE and eDRX\_INACTIVE, and
eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle is larger than T~POS~, the requirements in clause
5.1B.2 except clause 5.1B.2.2 and 5.1.2B.3 shall apply, and the
requirements in clause 5.6A.2.1 apply for measurement and evaluation of
serving cell, and the requirements in clause 5.6A.2.2 apply for
measurements of intra-frequency NR cells.

#### 5.6A.2.1 Measurement and evaluation of serving cell

When a RedCap UE is configured with both eDRX\_IDLE and eDRX\_INACTIVE,
and eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle is larger than T~POS~, the UE shall measure the
SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ level of the serving cell and evaluate the cell
selection criterion S defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] for the serving cell at
least once every M1\*T~serv~ for FR1 and N1\* T~serv~ for FR2; where:

> \- T~serv~ is defined as max(T~DRX~, T~POS~), where
>
> \- T~DRX~ is defined as T in clause 7.1 TS 38.304 \[1\] when RAN eDRX
> \<= 10.24s and CN eDRX \<= 10.24s
>
> \- T~DRX~ is the maximum of the T inside and outside of the CN PTW,
> where T inside and outside of the CN PTW are defined in clause 7.1 TS
> 38.304 \[1\], when RAN eDRX \<= 10.24s and CN eDRX \> 10.24s
>
> \- T~DRX~ is the maximum of the DRX cycles within the CN PTW and the
> RAN PTW when RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s
>
> \- M1=2 if SMTC periodicity (T~SMTC~) \> 20 ms and T~serv~ ≤ 0.64
> second, otherwise M1=1.
>
> \- The serving cell measurement is not limited to PTW.

The UE shall filter the SS-RSRP and SS-RSRQ measurements of the serving
cell using at least 2 measurements. Within the set of measurements used
for the filtering, at least two measurements shall be spaced by, at
least T~serv~/2.

If the UE has evaluated according to table 5.6A.2.1-1 or table
5.6A.2.1-2 in N~serv~ consecutive T~serv~ that the serving cell does not
fulfil the cell selection criterion S, the UE shall initiate the
measurements of all neighbour cells indicated by the serving cell,
regardless of the measurement rules currently limiting UE measurement
activities.

Table 5.6A.2.1-1: N~serv~ for UE configured with eDRX INACTIVE cycle \>
T~POS~ (FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]             eDRX INACTIVE cycle length\[s\]       T~serv~ \[s\]            N~serv~ \[number of T~serv~\]
  ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- ------------------------ -------------------------------
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤10485.76   eDRX INACTIVE cycle length ≥ T~POS~   0.32 ≤ T~serv~ \< 1.28   \[4\*M1\]
                                                                                  1.28 ≤ T~serv~           \[2\]

Table 5.6A.2.1-2: N~serv~ for UE configured with eDRX INACTIVE cycle \>
T~POS~ (FR2-1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]             eDRX INACTIVE cycle length\[s\]       T~serv~ \[s\]            Scaling Factor (N1)   N~serv~ \[number of T~serv~\]
  ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- ------------------------ --------------------- -------------------------------
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤10485.76   eDRX INACTIVE cycle length ≥ T~POS~   0.32 ≤ T~serv~ \< 0.64   8                     \[4\* M1\*N1\]
                                                                                  0.64 ≤ T~serv~ \< 1.28   5                     \[4\* M1\*N1
                                                                                  1.28 ≤ T~serv~ \< 2.56   4                     \[2\*N1\]
                                                                                  2.56 ≤ T~serv~           3                     \[2\*N1\]

If the UE in RRC\_INACTIVE has not found any new suitable cell based on
searches and measurements using the intra-frequency, inter-frequency and
inter-RAT information indicated in the system information during the
time T', the UE shall initiate cell selection procedures for the
selected PLMN as defined in TS 38.304 \[1\], where

> \- T' = MAX (10 s, one eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle) for FR1, or
>
> \- T'= MAX (10 s, N1\* eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle) for FR2.

#### 5.6A.2.2 Measurements of intra-frequency NR cells

When a RedCap UE is configured with both eDRX\_IDLE and eDRX\_INACTIVE,
and eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle is larger than T~POS~, the requirements defined
in section 5.1B.2.3 shall apply with T~detect,NR\_Intra,~
T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ defined in table
5.6A.2.2-1 and table 5.6A.2.2-2, where

> \- T~serv~ is defined as max(T~DRX~, T~POS~), where
>
> \- T~DRX~ is defined as T in clause 7.1 TS 38.304 \[1\] when RAN eDRX
> \<= 10.24s and CN eDRX \<= 10.24s
>
> \- T~DRX~ is the maximum of the T inside and outside of the CN PTW,
> where T inside and outside of the CN PTW are defined in clause 7.1 TS
> 38.304 \[1\], when RAN eDRX \<= 10.24s and CN eDRX \> 10.24s
>
> \- T~DRX~ is the maximum of the DRX cycles within the CN PTW and the
> RAN PTW when RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s
>
> \- M2 = 1.5 if SMTC periodicity of measured intra-frequency cell \> 20
> ms; otherwise M2=1.
>
> \- The detection, measurement and evaluation of intra-frequency
> neighbour cells are not limited to PTW.

Table 5.6A.2.2-1: T~detect~, T~measure~ and T~evaluate~ for UE
configured with eDRX INACTIVE cycle \> T~POS~ (FR1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                                                    T~serv~ \[s\]            T~detect,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)   T~measure,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)   T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76                                                                                                                         0.32 ≤ T~serv~ \< 0.64   \[36 x M2\]                               \[4 x M2\]                                 \[16 x M2\]
                                                                                                                                                                   0.64 ≤ T~serv~ \< 1.28   \[28\]                                    \[2\]                                      \[8\]
                                                                                                                                                                   1.28 ≤ T~serv~ \< 2.56   \[25\]                                    \[1\]                                      \[5\]
                                                                                                                                                                   2.56 ≤ T~serv~           \[23\]                                    \[1\]                                      \[3\]
  NOTE 1: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ in seconds depend on the number *N* of T~serv~ and are calculated as N \* T~serv~.                                                                                                                 

Table 5.6A.2.2-2: T~detect~, T~measure~ and T~evaluate~ for UE
configured with eDRX INACTIVE cycle \> T~POS~ (FR2-1)

  eDRX\_IDLE cycle length \[s\]                                                                                                                                    T~serv~ \[s\]            Scaling Factor (N1)   T~detect,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)   T~measure,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)   T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ (number of T~serv~)
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------ --------------------- ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  2.56 ≤eDRX\_IDLE cycle length ≤ 10485.76                                                                                                                         0.32 ≤ T~serv~ \< 0.64   8                     \[36 x N1 x M2\]                          \[4 x N1 x M2\]                            \[16 x N1 x M2\]
                                                                                                                                                                   0.64 ≤ T~serv~ \< 1.28   5                     \[28 x N1\]                               \[2 x N1\]                                 \[8 x N1\]
                                                                                                                                                                   1.28 ≤ T~serv~ \< 2.56   4                     \[25 x N1\]                               \[1 x N1\]                                 \[5 x N1\]
                                                                                                                                                                   2.56 ≤ T~serv~           3                     \[23 x N1\]                               \[1 x N1\]                                 \[3 x N1\]
  NOTE 1: T~detect,NR\_Intra~, T~measure,NR\_Intra~ and T~evaluate,NR\_Intra~ in seconds depend on the number *N* of T~serv~ and are calculated as N \* T~serv~.                                                                                                                                       

### 5.6A.3 TA validation requirements for positioning SRS

#### 5.6A.3.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 5.6A.3 shall apply when the UE is configured
with the SRS transmission on the PCell and with
*inactivePosSRS-RSRP-ChangeThreshold* for the time alignment (TA)
validation before the SRS transmission \[2\]. The requirements in clause
5.6A.3 are applicable for both 1 Rx RedCap UE and 2 Rx RedCap UE.

#### 5.6A.3.2 TA validation requirements

*The requirements in clause 5.6.6.2 shall apply when the UE is
configured with inactivePosSRS-RSRP-ChangeThreshold* *\[2\] for TA
validation based on the RSRP change criterion according to clause 5.26.2
in \[7\].*

#### 5.6A.3.3 TA validation requirements when configured with validity area

*The requirements in clause 5.6.6.3 shall apply when the UE is
configured with:*

\- inactivePosSRS-RSRP-ChangeThreshold \[2\] for TA validation based on
the RSRP change *criterion according to clause 5.26.2 in \[7\] and*

*SRS-PosRRC-InactiveValidityAreaConfig \[2\] for SRS for positioning
configuration which is valid during RRC\_INACTIVE state across the cells
included in srs-PosRRC-InactiveValidityArea area \[2\].*

### 5.6A.4 RSTD measurements for RedCap

#### 5.6A.4.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 5.6A.4.5 shall apply provided the RedCap UE
has received *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* message from the
LMF via LPP \[34\] requesting the RedCap UE to measure and report DL
RSTD measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\] without FH via
*nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingRequest*.

The requirements in clause 5.6A.4.6 shall apply provided the RedCap UE
has received *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* message from the
LMF via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to measure and report DL RSTD
measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\] with FH via
*nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingRequest*.

#### 5.6A.4.2 Requirements applicability

The requirement in clause 5.6A.4.5 apply for periodic and triggered RSTD
measurements, provided:

PRS-RSTD related side conditions given in clause 10.1A.16.2.1 for FR1
are fulfilled, for a corresponding band, for 1 Rx RedCap UE.

PRS-RSTD related side conditions given in clause 10.1.23.2 for FR1 and
FR2 are fulfilled, for a corresponding band, for 2 Rx RedCap UE.

The requirement in clause 5.6A.4.6 apply for periodic and triggered RSTD
measurements, provided:

PRS-RSTD related side conditions given in clause 10.1A.16.2.2 for FR1
are fulfilled, for a corresponding band, for 1 Rx RedCap UE.

PRS-RSTD related side conditions given in clause 10.1A.16.2.2 for FR1
and FR2 are fulfilled, for a corresponding band, for 2 Rx RedCap UE.

#### 5.6A.4.3 Measurement Capability

The UE PRS RSTD measurement capability in RRC\_INACTIVE state is as
indicated by the UE in *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities*, according to TS
37.355 \[34\].

#### 5.6A.4.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. If the UE supports reporting of NR positioning measurements
via SDT, the UE may be able to report the measurements while it remains
in RRC\_INACTIVE state; otherwise, the UE will transition to
RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to transmitting the measurement report.

For RSTD measurements performed by the UE in RRC\_INACTIVE state, with
and without FH, the measurement reporting delay excludes all of the
following:

\- additional delay caused other LPP signalling on the DCCH,

\- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report in
the TTI of the uplink DCCH, equal to 2 x TTI~DCCH~ where TTI~DCCH~ is
the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the measurement report
is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or subslot duration,

\- any delay caused by unavailability of UL resources to transmit the
measurement report,

\- any transmission delay needed by SDT,

\- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

The reported RSTD measurement values contained in measurement reports
shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements specified
in clause 10.1.23.3.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1A.16.2.1, for each measured DL PRS resource by 1 Rx RedCap UE
without FH.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1A.16.2.2, for each measured DL PRS resource by 1 Rx RedCap UE with
FH.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1A.16.2.1, for each measured DL PRS resource by 2 Rx RedCap UE
without FH.

The RSTD measurements performed and reported according to this section
shall meet the RSTD measurement accuracy requirements in clause
10.1A.16.2.2, for each measured DL PRS resource by 2 Rx RedCap UE with
FH.

#### 5.6A.4.5 Measurement Period Requirement without RX FH

After receiving both *NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message from the LMF via LPP
\[34\],* and UE is not configured to perform measurement with RX FH,
*the UE shall be able to measure multiple (*up to the UE capability
specified in clause 5.6A.4.3*) DL RSTD measurements, defined* in TS
38.215 \[4\], during the measurement period $T_{RSTD,Total}$ defined as:

$T_{RSTD,Total} = \sum_{i = 1}^{L}{T_{RSTD,i} + \ \left( L - 1 \right) \times \max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)\ }$

Where:

\- $i$ is the index of positioning frequency layer,

\- $L$ is total number of positioning frequency layers, and

\- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS RSTD measurement in
positioning frequency layer i

$T_{RSTD,i}$ is the measurement period for PRS RSTD measurement in
positioning frequency layer *i* as specified below:

$T_{RSTD,i} = \ {\left( {K_{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap} \times \ N_{Rx,TEG,i} \times N}_{\text{RxBeam},i} \times \left\lceil \frac{N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}}{N^{'}} \right\rceil \times \left\lceil \frac{L_{available\_ PRS,i}}{N} \right\rceil \times N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right) \times T}_{effect,i} + \text{T}_{\text{last},i}$
,

Where:

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ is the UE Rx beam sweeping factor:

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ = 1 if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR1 or UE
has only 1Rx branch,

> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
> *supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2,* if positioning frequency
> layer *i* is in FR2 or the UE has 2Rx branches, and the capability is
> reported by the UE for the band containing positioning frequency layer
> i, and LMF indicates *lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in
> *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation.*

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to 8, otherwise.

> \- $K_{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap}$ is a scaling factor for PRS-based NR
> positioning measurements in RRC\_INACTIVE. If the UE supports
> *parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, K~carrier\_PRS\_RedCap~ = 1;
> otherwise,
>
> \- If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap} = K_{carrier\_ RedCap} + 1$, where
> $K_{carrier\_ RedCap}$ **is** defined in clause 4.2B.2.4
>
> \- If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap} = N_{\text{layers}} + 1$, where
> $N_{\text{layers}}$ **is** defined in clause 4.2.2.7.

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}$ is the Rx TEG specific scaling factor:

\- $N_{\text{Rx},\text{TEG},i}$ =1 if the UE is not configured by the
LMF to measure a PRS resource with multiple Rx TEGs via
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\].

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}$ is defined as follows if the UE is configured by the
LMF with *measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* \[34\] to
perform measurement on same DL PRS resource of a TRP using different Rx
TEGs in *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation* \[34\]:

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ P$, if the UE is not capable of receiving same DL
PRS resource simultaneously from multiple Rx TEGs, where P is the number
of UE Rx TEGs that the UE is requested by LMF to measure the same DL-PRS
Resource of a TRP indicated by
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGs-r17* in \[34\], and in
case 'n0' is indicated, P is the maximum number of Rx TEGs with which UE
can support to measure the same PRS resource as reported in
*NR-UE-TEG-Capability*.

\- $N_{Rx,TEG,i}\  = \ \left\lceil \frac{P}{Q} \right\rceil\ $, if the
UE is capable of receiving the same DL PRS resource simultaneously from
multiple Rx TEGs, where $Q$ is the number of UE Rx TEGs for measuring
the same DL-PRS Resource simultaneously indicated by
*measureSameDL-PRS-ResourceWithDifferentRxTEGsSimul-r17* in \[34\].

\- $N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS resources
in positioning frequency layer *i* configured in a slot.

\- $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ is the time duration of available PRS in
positioning frequency layer *i* to be measured $T_{PRS,i}$, and is
calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined in clause 5.1.6.5
of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$, only
unmuted PRS resources that are not fully overlapped with other
higher-priority DL signals/channels are considered.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS RSTD samples, where

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 1 if the UE supports
*supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced number
of samples, and meets the following conditions:

\- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and

\- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the UE supports
*supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced number
of samples, and does not meet the following conditions:

\- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and

\- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise.

> \- $\text{T}_{\text{last,i}}$ is the measurement duration for the last
> PRS RSTD sample in positioning frequency layer *i*, including the
> sampling time and processing time, $\text{T}_{\text{last},i}$ **=**
> $T_{\text{i}}$ **+** $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ ,

\- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS RSTD measurement in
positioning frequency layer i *defined as:*

$T_{\text{effect,i}}$ =
$\left\lceil \frac{T_{\text{i}}}{T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}} \right\rceil \times T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$

> where:

\- $T_{i}$ corresponds to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\],

\-
$T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}} = \text{LCM}\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
the least common multiple between $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ and the DRX
cycle length $T_{\text{DRX}}$

-   When UE is configured with RAN eDRX\_INACTIVE ≤ 10.24 s:

T~DRX~ is calculated as T defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] when CN
eDRX\_INACTIVE ≤ 10.24 s.

T~DRX~ is calculated as max(T~inside~, T~outside~), where T~inside~ and
T~outside~ of the CN PTW as defined in TS 38.304 \[1\].

-   When UE is configured with RAN eDRX\_INACTIVE \> 10.24 s:

T~DRX~ is calculated as max(T~DRX\_RAN~, T~DRX\_CN~), T~DRX\_RAN~ and
T~DRX\_CN~ are DRX cycles with the RAN PTW and CN PTW defined in TS
38.304 \[1\].

Otherwise, T~DRX~ is the DRX cycle of the UE in the serving cell.

\- $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ is the periodicity of DL PRS resource with
muting on positioning frequency layer *i*.

If more than one PRS periodicities are configured in positioning
frequency layer *i*, the least common multiple of PRS periodicities
$T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$ among all DL PRS resource
sets in the positioning frequency layer is used to derive
$T_{\text{PRS},i}$, where,

\-
${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}} \times T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
is the PRS periodicity with muting per PRS resource,

\- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource sets
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*.

\- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
muting.
$N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}} \times L_{\text{muting}}$,
where

\- $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*,
and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the size of the bitmap
$\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$.

\- $\{ N,T\}$ is the UE capability combination per band for
RRC\_INACTIVE state where N is the duration of DL PRS symbols in ms
corresponding to *durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbols-r17* in TS 37.355
\[34\], T (ms) corresponds to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\], and
T-N (\>0) is the time required to process duration N of DL PRS symbols
already buffered in memory, for a given maximum bandwidth supported by
UE corresponding to *supportedBandwidthPRS* in TS 37.355 \[34\] .

\- $N’$ is UE capability for number of DL PRS resources that it can
process in a slot in RRC\_INACTIVE state as indicated by
*maxNumOfDL-PRS-ResProcessedPerSlot-RRC-Inactive-r17* specified in TS
37.355 \[34\].

If the following conditions are met, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts
from the first DL PRS resource(s) instances inside a PTW after both the
*NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\]*.

\- UE is configured with RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s, and

\- periodic PRS measurement reporting is configured, and

\- RAN eDRX cycle is smaller or equal to the PRS measurement reporting
periodicity configured via higher layer parameter *reportingInterval* in
TS 37.355 \[34\], and

\- there is one or more PRS resources occurring in PTW.

Otherwise, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) after both the *NR-DL-TDOAProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\].*

NOTE: No per-positioning frequency layer requirement is applied in
scenarios when multiple positioning frequency layers are configured.

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the RSTD measurement period,
then the measurement period can be longer.

If eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle is reconfigured during the RSTD measurement
period, then the measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is configured for DL-TDOA, RSTD and PRS-RSRP are performed
over the same measurement period.

When PRS-RSRPP is configured for DL-TDOA, RSTD and PRS-RSRPP are
performed over the same measurement period.

The measurement requirements do not apply to any PRS resource that
always collides with other higher-priority DL signals/channels, as
specified in clause 5.6A.1.

Longer RSTD measurement period is expected when there are collisions
between PRS resources and other higher-priority DL signals/channels.

If $K_{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap}$ changes for any PFL during the
measurement period, the measurement period could be longer.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if the PRS
resource is across two sampling duration of N within duration
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource, if time
span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the minimum number
of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is greater than
UE reported capability N.

The requirements in clause 5.6A.4.5 do not apply if the PRS
configuration given by higher layer parameters
*NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any of the UE measurement
capabilities given by *NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in
*NR-DL-TDOA-ProvideCapabilities, and it is up to UE implementation which
PRS resources are measured, subject to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If cell re-selection occurs while RSTD measurements are being performed,
then the UE shall continue and complete the on-going RSTD measurements
after the cell selection is completed. The RSTD measurement period can
be longer.

If the RRC state transition occurs from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the RSTD measurement period, then the UE shall continue the
RSTD measurement in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The RSTD measurement
period can be longer.

#### 5.6A.4.6 Measurement Period Requirement with RX FH

When physical layer receives last of *NR-TDOA-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF via LPP
\[34\], requesting RedCap UE to measure DL RSTD measurement with RX FH
via nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingRequest-r18 as defined in TS 37.355 \[34\], the
RedCap UE shall be able to measure multiple (*up to the RedCap UE
capability specified in clause 5.6A.4.3*) DL RSTD measurements, defined*
in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the measurement period $T_{RSTD,Total}$
defined in clause 5.6A.4.5 with using the following definition for
$N_{\text{sample}}$ and $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$.

> $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS RSTD measurement samples,
> where
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the RedCap UE supports
> *reducedNumOfSampleForMeasurementWithFH-RRC-IdleAndInactive* \[34\],
> and the LMF requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with
> reduced number of samples.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise.

A measurement sample under RX FH is defined as a PRS measurement over
multiple hops.

$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ *is the time duration of available PRS in the
positioning frequency layer i to be measured, and is calculated by:*

$L_{\text{available}\_ PRS,i} = \ {\sum_{j = 1}^{J}{N_{hop,i,j}*L_{per - hop,i,j}}}_{}$
,

where

\- $N_{hop,i,j}$ is the number of hops that UE can perform within a time
window occasion *j* as defined in the following, and

\- $L_{per - hop,i,j}$ is the time duration of available PRS resources
in the positioning frequency layer *i* in each hop to be measured in
time window occasion *j* during $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$,
and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined in clause
5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. *For calculation of* $L_{per - hop,i,j}$*,*
only unmuted PRS resources that are not fully overlapped with other
higher-priority DL signals/channels are considered;

\- *J* is the number of time window occasions during
$T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$.

*The sampling duration per hop is the first* $T_{\text{sample},hop}$
*symbols in each hop, where*
$T_{\text{sample},hop} = \ T_{\text{hop}} - \text{RR}T_{\text{FH}}$,
$T_{\text{hop}}$ is the applicable length per hop as defined in table
5.6A.4.6-1, and $\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}}$ is the RF retuning time between
Rx hops indicated by UE in *rf-RxRetuneTimeFR1 or rf-RxRetuneTimeFR2*
via *NR-DL-PRS-ProcessingCapability* \[34\]. The first hop starts at no
earlier than the earliest arrival time of the first unmuted PRS resource
fully or partially overlapped with the measurement time window, defined
in clause 5.6A.1, taking into account the *expectedRSTD* and
*expectedRSTD-uncertainty* in the PRS assistance data.

Table5.6A.4.6-1: Applicable number of hops per slot and applicable
length of each hop

  **RRT~FH~**                                                        **(comb size, Number of PRS symbols)**                               **Applicable number of hops per slot** $\left( \mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{\text{hops}}}^{\mathbf{\text{slot}}} \right)$   **Applicable length per hop (**$\mathbf{T}_{\mathbf{per - hop}}$**) in number of symbols**
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  $$\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} \leq 2\ \text{symbols}$$                  (2, 12) with SCS 15 kHz, 30 kHz in FR1, and 60 kHz, 120 kHz in FR2   2                                                                                                                  7
                                                                     All others                                                           1                                                                                                                  14
  $$2\ \text{symbols}\  < RRT_{\text{FH}} \leq 6\ \text{symbols}$$   (≤ 6, any)                                                           1                                                                                                                  14
                                                                     (12, 12)                                                             ½                                                                                                                  28
  $$\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} > 6\ \text{symbols}$$                     Any combination                                                      ½                                                                                                                  28

The number of hops within a single time window $N_{hop,i,j}$ is defined
as

$$N_{hop,i,j} = \min\left( N_{h\text{ops},effect,i,j},{\left\lfloor \frac{{N3}_{i}}{L_{per - hop,i,j}} \right\rfloor,N}_{\text{hop},max,i} \right)$$

where

\- $N_{hop,max,i}$ is the maximum number of Rx hops as reported by UE in
*maximumFH-Hops* via *NR-DL-PRS-ProcessingCapability* as specified in
\[34\] for positioning frequency layer *i* *,*

\- ${N3}_{i}$ is indicated via UE capability
*processingPRS-SymbolsDurationN3-r18* for positioning frequency layer
*i,*

\- $N_{hops,effect,i,j}$ is the effective number of Rx hops within a
single time window occasion *j*,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = 2*N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 2,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1/2 and $M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$
\>1,

\-
$N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = \left\lfloor \frac{\left( N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} - 1 \right)}{2} \right\rfloor + 1$,
if $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1/2 and
$M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$ =1,

where $N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}\ $is the number of inter-slot PRS
repetitions within a single time window, which are unmuted and fully or
partially overlapped with the sampling duration within each hop.
$M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the PRS repetition interval configured
by *dl-PRS-ResourceTimeGap*, $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ is the
applicable number of hops per slot as defined in table 5.6A.4.6-1.

The measurement period requirement with the above modifications applies
provided all PRS resources in each PFL have the same number of PRS
repetitions $\left( N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} \right)$ within a time
window instance and the same PRS repetition interval
$\left( M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} \right)$, otherwise the measurement
period can be longer.

UE shall be able to measure PRS resources with multiple hops at least
over the BW of $\text{BW}_{\text{total}}$ defined as

$\text{BW}_{\text{total}} = min\left( \text{BW}_{\text{PRS}},N_{hop,i,j}*\text{BW}_{per - hop} - \left( N_{hop,i,j} - 1 \right)*\text{BW}_{\text{overlap}} \right)$
**,**

**where**

$\text{BW}_{\text{PRS}}$ is the minimum among:

\- configured PRS BW, and

\- UE capability of maximum PRS BW across all hops indicated via
*maximumPRS-BandwidthAcrossAllHopsFR1-r18* or
*maximumPRS-BandwidthAcrossAllHopsFR2-r18* as specified in \[34\], and

\- total BW of all hops requested by LMF via
*nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingTotalBandwidth-r18.*as specified in \[34\],

$N_{hop,i,j}$ is number of hops within a single time window as define
above,

$\text{BW}_{\text{per} - \text{hop}}$ is the UE capability on PRS BW per
hop indicated via *supportedBandwidthPRS-r16* as specified in \[34\].

$\text{BW}_{\text{overlap}}$ is the UE capability on BW of the
overlapping RB indicated via *numOfOverlappingPRB-r18* as specified in
\[34\].

### 5.6A.5 PRS-RSRP measurements for RedCap

#### 5.6A.5.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 5.6A.5.5 shall apply provided the RedCap UE
has received *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation* message from LMF via
LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to measure and report PRS-RSRP measurements
defined in TS 38.215 \[4\] without FH via *nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingRequest*.
And the UE is capable of supporting the PRS-RSRP measurement in
RRC\_INACTIVE state.

The requirements in clause 5.6A.5.6 shall apply provided the RedCap UE
has received *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation* message from the LMF
via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to measure and report PRS-RSRP
measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\] with FH via
*nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingRequest*. And the UE is capable of supporting the
PRS-RSRP measurement in RRC\_INACTIVE state.

#### 5.6A.5.2 Requirements applicability

The requirements in clause 5.6A.5.5 apply for periodic and triggered
PRS-RSRP measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1A.17.2 for FR1
are fulfilled, for a corresponding band, for 1 Rx RedCap UE.

\- PRS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.24.2 are met
for a corresponding Band, for 2Rx RedCap UE.

The requirements in clause 5.6A.5.6 apply for periodic and triggered
PRS-RSRP measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1A.17.2 for FR1
are fulfilled, for a corresponding band, for 1 Rx RedCap UE.

\- PRS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.24.2 are met
for a corresponding Band, for 2Rx RedCap UE.

#### 5.6A.5.3 Measurement Capability

UE PRS-RSRP measurement capability is as indicated by the UE in
*NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities* according to TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 5.6A.5.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. If the UE supports reporting of NR positioning measurements
via SDT, the UE may be able to report the measurements while it remains
in RRC\_INACTIVE state; otherwise, the UE will transition to
RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to transmitting the measurement report.

For PRS-RSRP measurements performed by the UE in RRC\_INACTIVE state,
the measurement reporting delay excludes all of the following:

\- any delay caused other LPP signalling on the DCCH,

\- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report in
the TTI of the uplink DCCH which is equal to 2 $\times$ TTI~DCCH~ where
TTI~DCCH~ is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the
measurement report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or
subslot duration,

\- any delay caused by no UL resources for UE to send the measurement
report,

\- any transmission delay needed by SDT,

\- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

The reported PRS-RSRP measurement values contained in measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clause 10.1.24.3.

The PRS-RSRP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1A.17.2, for each measured DL PRS resource by 1 Rx RedCap UE
without FH.

The PRS-RSRP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1A.17.2, for each measured DL PRS resource by 1 Rx RedCap UE
with FH.

The PRS-RSRP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1A.17.2, for each measured DL PRS resource by 2 Rx RedCap UE
without FH.

The PRS-RSRP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1A.17.2, for each measured DL PRS resource by 2 Rx RedCap UE
with FH.

#### 5.6A.5.5 Measurement Period Requirements without RX FH

When the physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF* via
LPP \[34\], and UE is not configured to perform measurement with RX FH,
the UE shall be able to measure multiple (up to the UE capability
specified in clause 5.6A.5.3) PRS-RSRP measurements, defined in TS
38.215 \[4\], from configured PRS resources for configured TRPs on
configured positioning frequency layers, within
$T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,total}}$.

$T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,\ total}} = \sum_{i = 1}^{L}{T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,i}} + \left( L - 1 \right) \times \max\left( T_{effect,i} \right)}$

Where:

*- i* is the index of positioning frequency layer,

\- L is total number of positioning frequency layers,

\- $T_{effect,i}$ is the periodicity of the PRS-RSRP measurement in
positioning frequency layer *i*.

$T_{PRS - RSRP,i} = {\left( {K_{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap} \times N}_{\text{RxBeam},i} \times \left\lceil \frac{N_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}^{\text{slot}}}{N^{'}} \right\rceil\left\lceil \frac{L_{available\_ PRS,i}}{N} \right\rceil \times N_{\text{sample}} - 1 \right) \times T}_{effect,i} + \text{T}_{\text{last}\text{,i}}$Where:

> \- $K_{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap}$ is a scaling factor for PRS-based NR
> positioning measurements in RRC\_INACTIVE. If the UE supports
> *parallelPRS-MeasRRC-Inactive-r17*, K~carrier\_PRS~ = 1; otherwise,
>
> \- If Srxlev ≤ S~nonIntraSearchP~ or Squal ≤ S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap} = K_{carrier\_ RedCap} + 1$, where
> $K_{carrier\_ RedCap}$ **is** defined in clause 4.2B.2.4
>
> \- If Srxlev \> S~nonIntraSearchP~ and Squal \> S~nonIntraSearchQ~,
> $K_{carrier\_ PRS\_ RedCap} = N_{\text{layers}} + 1$, where
> $N_{\text{layers}}$ **is** defined in clause 4.2.2.7.

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ is the UE Rx beam sweeping factor:

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ = 1 if positioning frequency layer *i* is in FR1 or UE
has only 1Rx branch,

> \- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to the value as UE reported in
> *supportedLowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2,* if positioning frequency
> layer *i* is in FR2 or the UE has 2Rx branches, and the capability is
> reported by the UE for the band containing positioning frequency layer
> i, and LMF indicates *lowerRxBeamSweepingFactor-FR2* in
> *NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation*.

\- $N_{RxBeam,i}$ equals to 8, otherwise.

\- $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ is the time duration of available PRS to be
measured in the positioning frequency layer i to be measured during
$T_{PRS,i}$, and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined
in clause 5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. For calculation of
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$, only unmuted PRS resources that are not fully
overlapped with other higher-priority DL signals/channels are
considered.

\- $N_{PRS,i}^{\text{slot}}$ is the maximum number of DL PRS resources
of positioning frequency layer i configured in a slot,

\- $\{ N,T\}$ is UE capability combination per band where N is a
duration of DL PRS symbols in ms corresponding to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbols-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\] processed
every T ms corresponding to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\] for
a given maximum bandwidth supported by UE corresponding to
*supportedBandwidthPRS* in TS 37.355 \[34\],

\- $N’$ is UE capability for number of DL PRS resources that it can
process in a slot as indicated by
*maxNumOfDL-PRS-ResProcessedPerSlot-RRC-Inactive-r17* in clause 6.4.3 of
TS 37.355 \[34\],

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS-RSRP measurement samples and

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 1, if UE supports
*supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
indicates the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced number
of samples by
*reducedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamplesrequestedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples*
\[34\], and the following conditions are met:

\- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and

\- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2, if UE supports
*supportedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples-RRC-Inactive* \[34\], and the LMF
indicates the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced number
of samples by *reducedDL-PRS-ProcessingSamples* \[34\], and the
following conditions are not met$:$

\- PRS bandwidth is within the initial BWP and

\- Magnitude of difference between the serving cell's SS-RSRP and the
neighbour cell's PRS-RSRP is within 6 dB.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise

\- $\text{T}_{\text{last}\text{,i}}$ *=* $T_{\text{i}}$
*+*$\text{\ T}_{available\_ PRS\text{,i}}$ is the measurement duration
for the last PRS-RSRP sample, including the sampling time and processing
time,

\-
$T_{effect,i} = \ \left\lceil \frac{T_{i}}{T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}} \right\rceil \times T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$
is the periodicity of PRS-RSRP measurement in positioning frequency
layer *i*,

\- $T_{i}$ corresponds to
*durationOfPRS-ProcessingSymbolsInEveryTms-r17* in TS 37.355 \[34\],

\-
$T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS}\text{,i}} = \text{LCM}\left( T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}},T_{\text{DRX}} \right)$,
the least common multiple between $T_{\text{PRS}\text{,i}}$ and the DRX
cycle length $T_{\text{DRX}}$

-   When UE is configured with RAN eDRX\_INACTIVE ≤ 10.24 s:

T~DRX~ is calculated as T defined in TS 38.304 \[1\] when CN
eDRX\_INACTIVE ≤ 10.24 s.

T~DRX~ is calculated as max(T~inside~, T~outside~), where T~inside~ and
T~outside~ of the CN PTW as defined in TS 38.304 \[1\].

When UE is configured with RAN eDRX\_INACTIVE \> 10.24 s:

T~DRX~ is calculated as max(T~DRX\_RAN~, T~DRX\_CN~), T~DRX\_RAN~ and
T~DRX\_CN~ are DRX cycles with the RAN PTW and CN PTW defined in TS
38.304 \[1\].

Otherwise, T~DRX~ is the DRX cycle of the UE in the serving cell.

\- $T_{PRS,i}$ is the maximum PRS resource periodicity among all PRS
resources in positioning frequency layer i,

\- $T_{\text{DRX}}$ is the DRX cycle length.

If positioning frequency layer *i* has more than one DL PRS resource set
with different PRS periodicities with muting,
${T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}} = N}_{\text{muting}} \times T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$,
the least common multiple of $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS\ with\ muting}}$
among the DL PRS resource sets is used to derive $T_{PRS,i}$, where:

\- $T_{\text{per}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the periodicity of PRS resource sets
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-Periodicity*.

\- $N_{\text{muting}}$ is the scaling factor considering PRS resource
muting.
$N_{\text{muting}} = T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}} \times L_{\text{muting}}$,
where $T_{\text{muting}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the muting repetition factor
given by the higher-layer parameter *DL-PRS-MutingBitRepetitionFactor*,
and $L_{\text{muting}}$ is the size of the bitmap
$\left\{ b^{1} \right\}$.

When UE is configured with DRX\_cycle, the time
$T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,total}}$ starts from the first DRX cycle containing
the DL PRS resources in the assistance data after both the
*NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message and
NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData message from LMF via LPP \[34\] are
delivered to the physical layer of UE.*

If the following conditions are met, the
time$\ T_{PRS - RSRP\text{,\ total}}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) instances inside a PTW after both the
*NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation messages are delivered from LMF to
the UE via LPP \[34\]*.

\- UE is configured with RAN eDRX \> 10.24 s, and

\- periodic PRS measurement reporting is configured, and

\- RAN eDRX cycle is smaller or equal to the PRS measurement reporting
periodicity configured via higher layer parameter *reportingInterval* in
TS 37.355 \[34\], and

\- there is one or more PRS resources occurring in PTW.

Otherwise, the time$\ T_{RSTD,Total}$ starts from the first DL PRS
resource(s) after both the *NR-DL-TDOAProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-DL-TDOA-RequestLocationInformation messages are delivered from LMF
to the UE via LPP \[34\].*

NOTE: No per-positioning frequency layer requirement is applied in
scenarios when multiple positioning frequency layers are configured.

*When the PRS-RSRP measurement is configured together with RSTD
measurement then the PRS-RSRP measurement shall meet the* RSTD
measurement requirements defined in clause 5.6A.4.5.

*When the PRS-RSRP measurement is configured together with UE Rx-Tx time
difference measurement then the PRS-RSRP measurement shall meet the UE
Rx-Tx time difference* measurement requirements defined in clause
5.6A.6.5.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource:

\- if the PRS resource is across two sampling duration of N within
duration $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ or

\- if time span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the
minimum number of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is
greater than UE reported capability N.

Longer PRS-RSRP measurement period is expected when there is
collision/overlap between other DL signals/channels and PRS resources in
RRC\_INACTIVE state.

The requirements in clause 5.6A.5.5 do not apply if the PRS
configuration given by higher layer parameters
*NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any of the UE measurement
capabilities given by *NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in
*NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities, and it is up to UE implementation which
PRS resources are measured, subject to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the PRS-RSRP measurement period,
then the PRS-RSRP measurement period can be longer.

If the eDRX\_INACTIVE cycle is reconfigured during the PRS-RSRP
measurement period, then the PRS-RSRP measurement period can be longer.

If cell reselection occurs while PRS-RSRPP measurement is being
performed, then the UE shall continue and complete the on-going PRS-RSRP
measurement after the cell selection is completed. The PRS-RSRP
measurement period can be longer.

If the UE's RRC state changes from the RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_CONNECTED
during the PRS-RSRP measurement period, then the UE shall continue the
PRS-RSRP measurement in the RRC\_CONNECTED state. The PRS-RSRP
measurement period can be longer.

#### 5.6A.5.6 Measurement Period Requirement with RX FH

When physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData* message
and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF via LPP
\[34\], and UE is configured to perform PRS-RSRP measurement with RX FH
via nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingRequest-r18 as defined in TS 37.355 \[34\], the
UE shall be able to measure multiple (up to the UE capability specified
in 5.6A.5.3) PRS-RSRP measurements, defined in TS 38.215 \[4\]*, during
the measurement period $T_{PRS - RSRP,Total}$ defined in clause 5.6A.5.5
with using the following definition for $N_{\text{sample}}$ and
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$.

> $N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS-RSRP measurement samples,
> where
>
> \- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the RedCap UE supports
> *reducedNumOfSampleForMeasurementWithFH-RRC-IdleAndInactive* \[34\],
> and the LMF requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with
> reduced number of samples.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise.

A measurement sample under RX FH is defined as a PRS measurement over
multiple hops.

$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ *is the time duration of available PRS in the
positioning frequency layer i to be measured, and is calculated by:*

$L_{\text{available}\_ PRS,i} = \ \sum_{j = 1}^{J}{N_{hop,i,j}*L_{per - hop,i,j}}$
,

where,

\- $N_{hop,i,j}$ is the number of hops that UE can perform within a time
window occasion *j* as defined in the following, and

\- $L_{per - hop,i,j}$ is the time duration of available PRS resources
in the positioning frequency layer *i* in each hop to be measured in a
time window occasion *j* during $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$,
and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined in clause
5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. *For calculation of* $L_{per - hop,i,j}$*,*
only unmuted PRS resources that are not fully overlapped with other
higher-priority DL signals/channels are considered;

\- *J* is the number of time window occasions during
$T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$.

*The sampling duration per hop is the first* $T_{\text{sample},hop}$
*symbols in each hop, where*
$T_{\text{sample},hop} = \ T_{\text{hop}} - \text{RR}T_{\text{FH}}$,
$T_{\text{hop}}$ is the applicable length per hop as defined in table
5.6A.5.6-1, and $\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}}$ is the retuning time between Rx
hops indicated by UE in *rf-RxRetuneTimeFR1 or rf-RxRetuneTimeFR2* via
*NR-DL-PRS-ProcessingCapability* \[34\]. The first hop starts at no
earlier than the earliest arrival time of the first unmuted PRS resource
fully or partially overlapped with the measurement time window, defined
in clause 5.6A.1, taking into account the *expectedRSTD* and
*expectedRSTD-uncertainty* in the PRS assistance data.

Table5.6A.5.6-1: Applicable number of hops per slot and applicable
length of each hop

  **RRT~FH~**                                                        **(comb size, Number of PRS symbols)**                               **Applicable number of hops per slot** $\left( \mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{\text{hops}}}^{\mathbf{\text{slot}}} \right)$   **Applicable length per hop (**$\mathbf{T}_{\mathbf{per - hop}}$**) in number of symbols**
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  $$\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} \leq 2\ \text{symbols}$$                  (2, 12) with SCS 15 kHz, 30 kHz in FR1, and 60 kHz, 120 kHz in FR2   2                                                                                                                  7
                                                                     All others                                                           1                                                                                                                  14
  $$2\ \text{symbols}\  < RRT_{\text{FH}} \leq 6\ \text{symbols}$$   (≤ 6, any)                                                           1                                                                                                                  14
                                                                     (12, 12)                                                             ½                                                                                                                  28
  $$\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} > 6\ \text{symbols}$$                     Any combination                                                      ½                                                                                                                  28

The number of hops within a single time window $N_{hop,i,j}$ is defined
as

$N_{hop,i,j} = \min\left( N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j},\left\lfloor \frac{{N3}_{i}}{L_{per - hop,i,j}} \right\rfloor,N_{\text{hop},max,i} \right)$
,

where

\- $N_{hop,max,i}$ is the maximum number of Rx hops as reported by UE in
*maximumFH-Hops* via *NR-DL-PRS-ProcessingCapability* for positioning
frequency layer *i* as specified in \[34\]*,*

\- ${N3}_{i}$ is indicated via UE capability
*processingPRS-SymbolsDurationN3-r18* for positioning frequency layer
*i,*

\- $N_{hops,effect,i,j}$ is the effective number of Rx hops within a
single time window occasion *j*,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = 2*N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 2,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1/2 and $M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$
\>1,

\-
$N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = \left\lfloor \frac{\left( N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} - 1 \right)}{2} \right\rfloor + 1$,
if $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1/2 and
$M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$ =1,

\- where $N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}\ $is the number of inter-slot PRS
repetitions within a single time window, which are unmuted and fully or
partially overlapped with the sampling duration within each hop.
$M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the PRS repetition interval configured
by *dl-PRS-ResourceTimeGap*, $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ is the
applicable number of hops per slot as defined in table 5.6A.5.6-1.

The measurement period requirement with the above modifications applies
provided all PRS resources in each PFL have the same number of PRS
repetitions $\left( N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} \right)$ within a time
window instance and the same PRS repetition interval
$\left( M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} \right)$, otherwise the measurement
period can be longer.

UE shall be able to measure PRS resources with multiple hops at least
over the BW of $\text{BW}_{\text{total}}$ defined as

$\text{BW}_{\text{total}} = min\left( \text{BW}_{\text{PRS}},N_{hop,i,j}*\text{BW}_{per - hop} - \left( N_{hop,i,j} - 1 \right)*\text{BW}_{\text{overlap}} \right)$
**,**

**where**

$\text{BW}_{\text{PRS}}$ is the minimum among:

\- configured PRS BW, and

\- UE capability of maximum PRS BW across all hops indicated via
*maximumPRS-BandwidthAcrossAllHopsFR1-r18* or
*maximumPRS-BandwidthAcrossAllHopsFR2-r18* as specified in \[34\], and

\- total BW of all hops requested by LMF via
*nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingTotalBandwidth-r18* as specified in \[34\],

$N_{hop,i,j}$ is number of hops within a single time window as define
above,

$\text{BW}_{\text{per} - \text{hop}}$ is the UE capability on PRS BW per
hop indicated via *supportedBandwidthPRS-r16* as specified in \[34\],

$\text{BW}_{\text{overlap}}$ is the UE capability on BW of the
overlapping RB indicated via *numOfOverlappingPRB-r18* as specified in
\[34\].

### 5.6A.6 UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements for RedCap

#### 5.6A.6.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 5.6A.6.5 shall apply, provided the RedCap UE
has received *NR-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation* message from LMF
via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to measure and report one or more UE
Rx-Tx time difference measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\] without FH
via *nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingRequest*.

The requirements in clause 5.6A.6.6 shall apply, provided the RedCap UE
has received *nr-Multi-RTT-ReqstLocationInformation* message from LMF
via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to measure and report one or more UE
Rx-Tx time difference measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\] with FH
via *nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingRequest*.

#### 5.6A.6.2 Requirements Applicability

The requirements in clause 5.6A.6.5 apply for periodic and triggered UE
Rx-Tx time difference measurements, provided:

\- UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement related side conditions given in
clause 10.1A.18.2.2 for FR1 are fulfilled, for a corresponding band, for
1 Rx RedCap UE.

> \- UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement related side conditions given
> in clause 10.1.25.2 are met for a corresponding band, for 2Rx RedCap
> UE.
>
> \- SRS is configured on the PCell.

The requirements in clause 5.6A.6.6 apply for periodic and triggered UE
Rx-Tx time difference measurements, provided:

\- UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement related side conditions given in
clause 10.1A.18.2.4 for FR1 are fulfilled, for a corresponding band, for
1 Rx RedCap UE.

> \- UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement related side conditions given
> in clause 10.1A.18.2.3 are met for a corresponding band, for 2RX
> RedCap UE.
>
> \- SRS is configured on the PCell.

#### 5.6A.6.3 Measurement Capability

UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement capability is as indicated by the
UE in *NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideCapabilities,* according to TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 5.6A.6.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment the measurement report is triggered and the moment when the UE
starts to transmit the measurement report over the air interface.

This measurement reporting delay excludes the delay caused by any of the
following:

\- delay caused by other LPP signalling on the DCCH.

\- delay uncertainty resulted when inserting the measurement report to
the TTI of the uplink DCCH. The delay uncertainty is: 2 x TTI~DCCH~
where TTI~DCCH~ is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the
measurement report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or
subslot duration.

\- delay caused due to lack of UL resources for UE to send the
measurement report.

\- delay required by SDT for reporting the measurement using SDT
resources.

\- delay required for transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state for report the
measurement in RRC\_CONNECTED.

The UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement values contained in measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clause 10.1A.18.2.2.

The UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement performed and reported
according to this section shall meet the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement accuracy requirements in clause 10.1A.18.2.1, for each
measured DL PRS resource by 1 Rx RedCap UE without FH.

The UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement performed and reported
according to this section shall meet the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement accuracy requirements in clause 10.1A.18.2.4, for each
measured DL PRS resource by 2 Rx RedCap UE without FH.

The UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement performed and reported
according to this section shall meet the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement accuracy requirements in clause 10.1A.18.2.3, for each
measured DL PRS resource by 1 Rx RedCap UE with FH.

The UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement performed and reported
according to this section shall meet the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement accuracy requirements in clause 10.1A.25.x.x.z, for each
measured DL PRS resource by 2 Rx RedCap UE with FH.

#### 5.6A.6.5 Measurement Period Requirements without RX FH

When physical layer receives last of
*NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideAssistanceData* message and
*NR-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF via LPP
\[34\],* and UE is not configured to perform measurement with RX FH, *UE
shall be able to measure multiple* (up to the UE capability specified in
clause 5.6A.6.3) *UE Rx-Tx time difference measurements as defined* in
TS 38.215 \[4\] in configured positioning frequency layers within the
measurement period $T_{UERxTx,Total}$ defined in 5.6.4.5.

If the RRC state transion occurs from RRC\_INACTIVE to RRC\_CONNECTED
state during the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period, then the
UE shall restart the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement after it
obtains SRS configuration and Timing Advance command from the serving
cell.

If cell reselection occurs during the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period then the UE shall restart the UE Rx-Tx time
difference measurement after it obtains SRS configuration and Timing
Advance command from the new serving cell.

The measurement requirements do not apply for a PRS resource:

\- if the PRS resource is across two sampling duration of N within
duration $L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ or

\- if time span of the PRS resource instance (including at least the
minimum number of repetitions specified in the accuracy requirements) is
greater than UE reported capability N.

If the DRX cycle is reconfigured during the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period then the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period
can be longer.

If during UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period PRS resources
overlap with other DL signals/channels then the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period can be longer.

When PRS-RSRP is configured for multi-RTT, the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurements and PRS-RSRP measurements are performed over the same
measurement period.

When PRS-RSRPP is configured for multi-RTT, the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurements and PRS-RSRPP measurements are performed over the same
measurement period.

The requirements in clause 5.6.4 do not apply if the PRS configuration
given by higher layer parameters *NR-DL-PRS-AssistanceData* exceeds any
of the UE measurement capabilities given by
*NR-DL-PRS-ResourcesCapability* in *NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideCapabilities,
and it is up to UE implementation which PRS resources are measured,
subject to* UE measurement capabilities*.*

If UE uplink transmission timing changes due to the network-configured
Timing Advance command during the UE Rx-Tx measurement period, then the
UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period is restarted after uplink
transmission timing changes, and the UE Rx-Tx time difference
measurement period requirements in this clause shall not apply.

If UE uplink transmission timing changes due to the change in the
N~TA\_offset~ defined in table 7.1.2-2 during the UE Rx-Tx measurement
period, then the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement period is
restarted after uplink transmission timing changes, and the UE Rx-Tx
time difference measurement period requirements in this clause shall not
apply.

The UE shall meet the UE Rx-Tx time difference measurement accuracy
requirements in clause 10.1.25.2.

#### 5.6A.6.6 Measurement Period Requirements with RX FH

When physical layer receives *NR-Multi-RTT-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-Multi-RTT-RequestLocationInformation message from LMF
via LPP \[34\], and UE is configured to perform PRS-RSRP measurement
with RX FH via nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingRequest-r18 as defined in TS 37.355
\[34\], the RedCap UE shall be able to measure multiple (*up to the
RedCap UE capability specified in clause 5.6A.6.3*) UE Rx-Tx time
difference measurements as defined* in TS 38.215 \[4\], during the
measurement period $T_{UE\ RxTx,\ \ Total}$ defined in clause 5.6.4.5
with using the following definition for $N_{\text{sample}}$ and
$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$:

$N_{\text{sample}}$ is the number of PRS RSTD measurement samples, where

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 2 if the RedCap UE supports
*reducedNumOfSampleForMeasurementWithFH-RRC-IdleAndInactive* \[34\], and
the LMF requests the UE to perform positioning measurements with reduced
number of samples.

\- $N_{\text{sample}}$= 4 otherwise.

A measurement sample under RX FH is defined as a PRS measurement over
multiple hops.

$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ *is the time duration of available PRS in the
positioning frequency layer i to be measured, and is calculated by:*

$L_{available\_ PRS,i}$ *is the time duration of available PRS in the
positioning frequency layer i to be measured, and is calculated by:*

$L_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i} = \ {\sum_{j = 1}^{J}{N_{hop,i,j}*L_{per - hop,i,j}}}_{}$
,

where

\- $N_{hop,i,j}$ is the number of hops that UE can perform within a time
window occasion *j* as defined in the following, and

\- $L_{per - hop,i,j}$ is the time duration of available PRS resources
in the positioning frequency layer *i* in each hop to be measured in
time window occasion *j* during $T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$,
and is calculated in the same way as PRS duration K defined in clause
5.1.6.5 of TS 38.214 \[26\]. *For calculation of* $L_{per - hop,i}$*,*
only unmuted PRS resources that are not fully overlapped with other
higher-priority DL signals/channels are considered;

\- *J* is the number of time window occasions during
$T_{\text{available}\_\text{PRS},i}$.

*The sampling duration per hop is the first* $T_{\text{sample},hop}$
*symbols in each hop, where*
$T_{\text{sample},hop} = \ T_{\text{hop}} - \text{RR}T_{\text{FH}}$,
$T_{\text{hop}}$ is the applicable length per hop as defined in table
5.6A.6.6-1, and $\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}}$ is the retuning time between Rx
hops indicated by UE in *rf-RxRetuneTimeFR1 or rf-RxRetuneTimeFR2* via
*NR-DL-PRS-ProcessingCapability* \[34\]. The first hop starts at no
earlier than the earliest arrival time of the first unmuted PRS resource
fully or partially overlapped with the measurement time window, defined
in clause 5.6A.1, taking into account the *expectedRSTD* and
*expectedRSTD-uncertainty* in the PRS assistance data.

Table5.6A.6.6-1: Applicable number of hops per slot and applicable
length of each hop

  RRT~FH~                                                            (comb size, Number of PRS symbols)                               Applicable number of hops per slot $\left( \mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{\text{hops}}}^{\mathbf{\text{slot}}} \right)$   Applicable length per hop ($\mathbf{T}_{\mathbf{per - hop}}$) in number of symbols
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  $$\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} \leq 2\ \text{symbols}$$                  (2, 12) with SCS 15kHz, 30kHz in FR1, and 60kHz, 120kHz in FR2   2                                                                                                              7
                                                                     All others                                                       1                                                                                                              14
  $$2\ \text{symbols}\  < RRT_{\text{FH}} \leq 6\ \text{symbols}$$   (≤ 6, any)                                                       1                                                                                                              14
                                                                     (12, 12)                                                         ½                                                                                                              28
  $$\text{RR}T_{\text{FH}} > 6\ \text{symbols}$$                     Any combination                                                  ½                                                                                                              28

The number of hops within a single time window $N_{hop,i,j}$ is defined
as

$N_{hop,i,j} = \min\left( N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j},{\left\lfloor \frac{{N3}_{i}}{L_{per - hop,i,j}} \right\rfloor,N}_{\text{hop},max,i} \right)$
,

where

\- $N_{hop,max,i}$ is the maximum number of Rx hops as reported by UE in
*maximumFH-Hops* via *NR-DL-PRS-ProcessingCapability* as specified in
\[34\] for positioning frequency layer *i* *,*

\- ${N3}_{i}$ is indicated via UE capability
*processingPRS-SymbolsDurationN3-r18* for positioning frequency layer
*i,*

\- $N_{hops,effect,i,j}$ is the effective number of Rx hops within a
single time window occasion *j*,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = 2*N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 2,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1,

\- $N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$, if
$N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1/2 and $M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$
\>1,

\-
$N_{\text{hops},effect,i,j} = \left\lfloor \frac{\left( N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} - 1 \right)}{2} \right\rfloor + 1$,
if $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ = 1/2 and
$M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$ =1,

\- where $N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}\ $is the number of inter-slot PRS
repetitions within a single time window, which are unmuted and fully or
partially overlapped with the sampling duration within each hop.
$M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}}$ is the PRS repetition interval configured
by *dl-PRS-ResourceTimeGap*, $N_{\text{hops}}^{\text{slot}}$ is the
applicable number of hops per slot as defined in table 5.6A.6.6-1.

The measurement period requirement with the above modifications applies
provided all PRS resources in each PFL have the same number of PRS
repetitions $\left( N_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} \right)$ within a time
window instance and the same PRS repetition interval
$\left( M_{\text{rep}}^{\text{PRS}} \right)$, otherwise the measurement
period can be longer.

UE shall be able to measure PRS resources with multiple hops at least
over the BW of $\text{BW}_{\text{total}}$ defined as

$\text{BW}_{\text{total}} = min\left( \text{BW}_{\text{PRS}},N_{hop,i,j}*\text{BW}_{per - hop} - \left( N_{hop,i,j} - 1 \right)*\text{BW}_{\text{overlap}} \right)$
**,**

**where**

$\text{BW}_{\text{PRS}}$ is the minimum among:

\- configured PRS BW, and

\- UE capability of maximum PRS BW across all hops indicated via
*maximumPRS-BandwidthAcrossAllHopsFR1-r18* or
*maximumPRS-BandwidthAcrossAllHopsFR2-r18* as specified in \[34\], and

\- total BW of all hops requested by LMF via
*nr-DL-PRS-RxHoppingTotalBandwidth-r18* as specified in \[34\],

$N_{hop,i,j}$ is number of hops within a single time window as define
above,

$\text{BW}_{\text{per} - \text{hop}}$ is the UE capability on PRS BW per
hop indicated via *supportedBandwidthPRS-r16* as specified in \[34\],

$\text{BW}_{\text{overlap}}$ is the UE capability on BW of the
overlapping RB indicated via *numOfOverlappingPRB-r18* as specified in
\[34\].

### 5.6A.7 PRS-RSRPP measurements for RedCap

#### 5.6A.7.1 Introduction

The requirements in clause 5.6A.7.5 shall apply provided the UE has
received *a* message from LMF via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to
measure and report PRS-RSRPP measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\].
And the UE is capable of supporting the PRS-RSRPP measurement in RRC
INACTIVE state.

The requirements in clause 5.6A.7.6 shall apply provided the RedCap UE
has received *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation* message from the LMF
via LPP \[34\] requesting the UE to measure and report DL RSRPP
measurements defined in TS 38.215 \[4\] with FH via
*nr-DL-PRS-RxHopping-Request*.

#### 5.6A.7.2 Requirements applicability

The requirements in clause 5.6A.7.5 apply for periodic and triggered
PRS-RSRPP measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSRPP related side conditions given in clause 10.1A.19.2 for FR1
are fulfilled, for a corresponding band, for 1 Rx RedCap UE.

\- PRS-RSRPP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.38.2 are met
for a corresponding Band, for 2Rx RedCap UE.

The requirements in clause 5.6A.7.6 apply for periodic and triggered
PRS-RSRPP measurements, provided:

\- PRS-RSRPP related side conditions given in clause 10.1A.19.2 for FR1
are fulfilled, for a corresponding band, for 1 Rx RedCap UE.

\- PRS-RSRPP related side conditions given in clause 10.1A.38.2 are met
for a corresponding Band, for 2Rx RedCap UE.

#### 5.6A.7.3 Measurement Capability

UE PRS-RSRPP measurement capability is as indicated by the UE in
*NR-DL-AoD-ProvideCapabilities* according to TS 37.355 \[34\].

#### 5.6A.7.4 Measurement Reporting Requirements

The measurement reporting delay is defined as the time between the
moment when the periodic measurement report is triggered and the moment
when the UE is ready to transmit the measurement report over the air
interface. If the UE supports reporting of NR positioning measurements
via SDT, the UE may be able to report the measurements while it remains
in RRC\_INACTIVE state; otherwise, the UE will transition to
RRC\_CONNECTED state prior to transmitting the measurement report.

For PRS-RSRPP measurements performed by the UE in RRC\_INACTIVE state,
the measurement reporting delay excludes all of the following:

\- any delay caused other LPP signalling on the DCCH,

\- delay uncertainty introduced when inserting the measurement report in
the TTI of the uplink DCCH which is equal to 2 $\times$ TTI~DCCH~ where
TTI~DCCH~ is the duration of subframe or slot or subslot when the
measurement report is transmitted on the PUSCH with subframe or slot or
subslot duration,

\- any delay caused by no UL resources for UE to send the measurement
report,

\- any transmission delay needed by SDT,

\- the time needed to transition to RRC\_CONNECTED state to report the
measurements.

The reported PRS-RSRPP measurement values contained in measurement
reports shall be based on the measurement report mapping requirements
specified in clause 10.1.38.3.

The PRS-RSRPP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1.38.2 for FR1 for 1 Rx RedCap UE.

The PRS-RSRPP measurement accuracy for all measured PRS resources shall
be fulfilled according to the accuracy requirements specified in the
clause 10.1.38.2 for FR1 and FR2 for 2 Rx RedCap UE.

#### 5.6A.7.5 Measurement Period Requirements without FH

When the physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message in
RRC\_INACTIVE state*, the measurement period requirements for PRS-RSRP
in clause 5.6A.5.5 applies.

#### 5.6A.7.6 Measurement period requirement with FH

When the physical layer receives *NR-DL-AoD-ProvideAssistanceData*
message and *NR-DL-AoD-RequestLocationInformation message in
RRC\_INACTIVE state*, the measurement period requirements for PRS-RSRP
in clause 5.6A.5.6 applies.

5.7 Random access based Small Data Transmissions (RA-SDT)
---------------------------------------------------------

### 5.7.1 Introduction

The requirements in this clause are applicable for the UE performing
small data transmissions using 2-step RA or 4-step RA procedures \[3\].

### 5.7.2 Requirements for small data transmissions based on 2-step RA

The requirements in clause 6.2.2.3 shall apply.

### 5.7.3 Requirements for small data transmissions based on 4-step RA

The requirements in clause 6.2.2.2 shall apply.

### 5.7.4 Applicability conditions for SDT

The UE is not required to meet the following measurement requirements
during subsequent SDT transmissions:

\- Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells in clause 5.1.2.4

\- Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells in clause 5.1.2.5

\- Idle Mode CA/DC Measurements in clause 5.4

The UE is allowed to delay the reception of PRS resources on the
positioning frequency layer until the SDT session is completed if the
measurement using PRS resource overlaps with the SDT resources.

5.7B Random access based Small Data Transmissions (RA-SDT) for RedCap
---------------------------------------------------------------------

### 5.7B.1 Introduction

The requirements in this clause are applicable for the UE performing
small data transmissions 1 Rx RedCap and 2 Rx RedCap UE using 2-step RA
or 4-step RA procedures \[3\].

The 1 Rx RedCap UE for determining whether to perform SDT procedure
defined in clause 5.27 \[7\] applies:

\- sdt-RSRP-Threshold-r17 as the signaled value of
sdt-RSRP-Threshold-r17 \[2\] + 1 dB.

### 5.7B.2 Requirements for small data transmissions based on 2-step RA

The requirements in clause 6.2.2.3 shall apply.

### 5.7B.3 Requirements for small data transmissions based on 4-step RA

The requirements in clause 6.2.2.2 shall apply.

### 5.7B.4 Applicability conditions for RA-SDT for RedCap

The UE is not required to meet the following measurement requirements
during SDT transmissions:

\- Measurements of inter-frequency NR cells in clause 5.1B.2.4

\- Measurements of inter-RAT E-UTRAN cells in clause 5.1B.2.5

5.7D Random access based Small Data Transmissions (RA-SDT) for ATG
------------------------------------------------------------------

The requirements in clause 5.7 shall apply.

5.8 Measurement report for fast CA/DC setup
-------------------------------------------

### 5.8.1 Introduction

The requirements of measurement report for fast CA/DC setup apply in
this clause for:

\- UE supporting *measValidationReportEMR-r18* and configured with
*measIdleCarrierListNR-r16* and/or *measIdleCarrierListEUTRA-r16* by
higher layers.

\- UE supporting *measValidationReportReselectionMeasurements-r18* and
configured with *measReselectionCarrierListNR-r18* higher layers.

A UE supporting *measValidationReportEMR-r18* and
*idleInactiveNR-MeasReport-r16* or *idleInactiveEUTRA-MeasReport-r16*
shall report the results of the inactive mode measurement specified in
the clause 5.4, and according to the measurement reporting requirements
specified in the clause 5.8.3.

A UE supporting *measValidationReportReselectionMeasurements-r18* shall
report the results of the inactive-mode cell re-selection requirements
specified in clause 5.1.2, and according to the measurement reporting
requirements specified in the clause 5.8.3.

UE is not required to report for fast CA/DC setup from any measurements
during INACTIVE mode for carriers which are not configured by higher
layers.

### 5.8.2 Void

### 5.8.3 Measurement Report Requirements

The requirements in clause 4.7.3 shall apply.

6 RRC\_CONNECTED state mobility
===============================

6.1 Handover
------------

### 6.1.1 NR Handover

#### 6.1.1.1 Introduction

The purpose of NR handover is to change the NR PCell to another NR cell.
The requirements in this clause are applicable to SA NR, NE-DC and
NR-DC.

Handover is defined as intra-frequency handover if the center frequency
and subcarrier spacing (SCS) of the reference SSB of the serving cell is
same as the center frequency and SCS of the reference SSB of the target
cell, where:

\- The reference SSB of the serving cell is the SSB in the active DL BWP
of serving cell

\- The reference SSB of the target cell is the SSB in the first active
DL BWP of the target cell upon reconfiguration.

The requirements in this clause apply for the following handover
scenarios:

\- Handover to the first active DL BWP of the target cell associated
with CD-SSB;

\- Handover to the first active DL BWP of the target cell associated
with NCD-SSB if the UE supports *ncd-SSB-BWP-Wor-r18*.

#### 6.1.1.2 NR FR1 - NR FR1 Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency handovers from NR FR1 cell to NR FR1 cell, and to
inter-frequency handover from NR FR1 cell in a carrier frequency with
CCA to NR FR1 cell.

##### 6.1.1.2.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover~ msec from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC
command.

Where:

D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in clause
12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1.1.2.2.

##### 6.1.1.2.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between the end of the last TTI
containing the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts
transmission of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency handover is commanded, the
interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell when the target
cell is not already known when the handover command is received by the
UE. Regardless of whether DRX is in use by the UE, T~search~ shall still
be based on non-DRX target cell search times.

\- If the target cell is a known intra-frequency cell, then T~search~ =
0 ms.

\- If the target cell is an unknown intra-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ = T~rs~ ms.

\- If the target cell is a known inter-frequency cell, then

\- For a UE supporting *ncd-SSB-BWP-Wor-r18*:

\- if the measured SSB is the target SSB for handover of the target
cell, T~search~ = 0 ms;

\- if the measured SSB and the target SSB for handover belong to the
same NR target cell and are not the same SSB, T~search~ = T~rs~ ms
provided one of the following conditions is satisfied:

\- The measured SSB is the CD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the NCD-SSB in the first active DL BWP, or

\- The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the CD-SSB in the first active DL BWP, or

\- The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the NCD-SSB and they are within different DL BWPs

\- For a UE not supporting *ncd-SSB-BWP-Wor-r18,* then T~search~ = 0 ms.

\- If the target cell is an unknown inter-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, T~search~ = 3\* T~rs~ ms.

T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell.

T~∆~ = T~rs~ for both known and unknown target cells operating with 20
PRB SSB BW.

T~∆~ = 3\*T~rs~ for both known and unknown target cells operating with
12 PRB SSB BW.

> T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to 20
> ms.
>
> T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2
> ms.
>
> T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first available
> PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the summation of
> SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH
> occasion associated period is defined in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213
> \[3\].

T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cellin the handover
command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR
having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the
measObjectNRs having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing
configured by MN and SN have different SMTC, T~rs~ is the periodicity of
one of the SMTC which is up to UE implementation. If the UE is not
provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the
requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms assuming the SSB
transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB
transmission periodicity is not 5 ms. If the UE has been provided with
higher layer in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of *smtc2* prior to the
handover command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2* according to the
physical cell ID of the target cell.

In the interruption requirement a cell is known if it has been meeting
the relevant cell identification requirement during the last 5 seconds
otherwise it is unknown. Relevant cell identification requirements are
described in clause 9.2.5 for intra-frequency handover and clause 9.3.4
for inter-frequency handover.

#### 6.1.1.3 NR FR2- NR FR1 Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to inter-frequency
handovers from NR FR2 cell to NR FR1 cell.

##### 6.1.1.3.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover~ ms from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command.

Where:

D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in
clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1.1.3.2.

##### 6.1.1.3.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between the end of the last TTI
containing the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts
transmission of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When inter-frequency handover is commanded, the interruption time shall
be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell when the target
cell is not already known when the handover command is received by the
UE. Regardless of whether DRX is in use by the UE, T~search~ shall still
be based on non-DRX target cell search times.

\- If the target cell is a known intra-frequency cell, then T~search~ =
0 ms.

\- If the target cell is an unknown intra-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ = T~rs~ ms.

\- If the target cell is a known inter-frequency cell, then

\- For a UE supporting *ncd-SSB-BWP-Wor-r18*:

\- if the measured SSB is the target SSB for handover of the target
cell, T~search~ = 0 ms;

\- if the measured SSB and the target SSB for handover belong to the
same NR target cell and are not the same SSB, T~search~ = T~rs~ ms
provided one of the following conditions is satisfied:

\- The measured SSB is the CD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the NCD-SSB in the first active DL BWP, or

\- The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the CD-SSB in the first active DL BWP, or

\- The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the NCD-SSB and they are within different DL BWPs

\- For a UE not supporting *ncd-SSB-BWP-Wor-r18,* then T~search~ = 0 ms.

\- If the target cell is an unknown inter-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, T~search~ = 3\* T~rs~ ms.

T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell.

T~∆~ = T~rs~ for both known and unknown target cells operating with 20
PRB SSB BW.

T~∆~ = 3\*T~rs~ for both known and unknown target cells operating with
12 PRB SSB BW.

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to 40
ms.

T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2 ms.

T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the summation of SSB
to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH occasion
associated period is defined in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\].

T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in the handover
command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR
having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If such
measObjectNRs configured by MN and SN have different SMTC, T~rs~ is the
periodicity of one of the SMTC which is up to UE implementation. If the
UE is not provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this
frequency, the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~ = 5 ms
assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no
requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5 ms.

In the interruption requirement a cell is known if it has been meeting
the relevant cell identification requirement during the last 5 seconds
otherwise it is unknown. Relevant cell identification requirements are
described in clause 9.2.5 for intra-frequency handover and clause 9.3.4
for inter-frequency handover.

#### 6.1.1.4 NR FR2- NR FR2 Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency handovers from NR FR2 cell to NR FR2 cell.

##### 6.1.1.4.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover~ ms from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command.

Where:

D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in
clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1.1.4.2.

##### 6.1.1.4.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency handover is commanded, the
interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell when the
handover command is received by the UE. Regardless of whether DRX is in
use by the UE, T~search~ shall still be based on non-DRX target cell
search times.

\- If the target cell is a known intra-frequency cell, then T~search~ =
0 ms.

\- If the target cell is an unknown intra-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ = N\* T~rs~ ms.

\- If the target cell is a known inter-frequency cell, then

\- For a UE supporting *ncd-SSB-BWP-Wor-r18*:

\- if the measured SSB is the target SSB for handover of the target
cell, T~search~ = 0 ms;

\- if the measured SSB and the target SSB for handover belong to the
same NR target cell and are not the same SSB, T~search~ = T~rs~ ms
provided one of the following conditions is satisfied:

\- The measured SSB is the CD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the NCD-SSB in the first active DL BWP, or

\- The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the CD-SSB in the first active DL BWP, or

\- The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the NCD-SSB and they are within different DL BWPs

\- For a UE not supporting *ncd-SSB-BWP-Wor-r18,* then T~search~ = 0 ms.

\- If the target cell is an unknown inter-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, T~search~ = N\*3\* T~rs~ ms.

Where N = 8 when the target cell is in FR2-1, and N = 12 when the target
cell is in FR2-2.

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to 20
ms.

T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2 ms.

T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~∆~ = T~rs~ for both known and unknown
target cell.

T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the summation of SSB
to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH occasion
associated period is defined in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\].

T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in the handover
command, otherwise Trs is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR having
the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If such measObjectNRs
configured by MN and SN have different SMTC, Trs is the periodicity of
one of the SMTC which is up to UE implementation. If the UE is not
provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the
requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms assuming the SSB
transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB
transmission periodicity is not 5 ms. If the UE has been provided with
higher layer in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of *smtc2* prior to the
handover command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2* according to the
physical cell ID of the target cell.

In FR2, the target cell is known if it has been meeting the following
conditions:

\- During the last 5 seconds before the reception of the handover
command:

\- the UE has sent a valid measurement report for the target cell and

\- One of the SSBs measured from the NR target cell being configured
remains detectable according to the cell identification conditions
specified in clause 9.2 for intra-frequency cell and in clause 9.3 for
inter-frequency cell,

\- One of the SSBs measured from the target cell also remains detectable
during the handover delay according to the cell identification
conditions specified in clause 9.2 for intra-frequency cell and in
clause 9.3 for inter-frequency cell.

otherwise, it is unknown.

#### 6.1.1.5 NR FR1- NR FR2 Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to inter-frequency
handovers from NR FR1 cell to NR FR2 cell.

##### 6.1.1.5.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover~ ms from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command.

Where:

D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in
clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1.1.5.2.

##### 6.1.1.5.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When in inter-frequency handover is commanded, the interruption time
shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell when the
handover command is received by the UE. Regardless of whether DRX is in
use by the UE, T~search~ shall still be based on non-DRX target cell
search times.

\- If the target cell is a known intra-frequency cell, then T~search~ =
0 ms.

\- If the target cell is an unknown intra-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ = N\* T~rs~ ms.

\- If the target cell is a known inter-frequency cell, then

\- For a UE supporting *ncd-SSB-BWP-Wor-r18*:

\- if the measured SSB is the target SSB for handover of the target
cell, T~search~ = 0 ms;

\- if the measured SSB and the target SSB for handover belong to the
same NR target cell and are not the same SSB, T~search~ = T~rs~ ms
provided one of the following conditions is satisfied:

\- The measured SSB is the CD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the NCD-SSB in the first active DL BWP, or

\- The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the CD-SSB in the first active DL BWP, or

\- The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB in the target cell and the HO target
SSB is the NCD-SSB and they are within different DL BWPs

\- For a UE not supporting *ncd-SSB-BWP-Wor-r18,* then T~search~ = 0 ms.

\- If the target cell is an unknown inter-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, T~search~ = N\*3\* T~rs~ ms.

Where N = 8 when the target cell is in FR2-1, and N = 12 when the target
cell is in FR2-2.

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up 40 ms.

T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2 ms.

T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~∆~ = T~rs~ for both known and unknown
target cell.

T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the summation of SSB
to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH occasion
associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\].

T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in the handover
command, otherwise Trs is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR having
the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If such measObjectNRs
configured by MN and SN have different SMTC, Trs is the periodicity of
one of the SMTC which is up to UE implementation. If the UE is not
provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the
requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms assuming the SSB
transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB
transmission periodicity is not 5 ms.

In FR2, the target cell is known if it has been meeting the following
conditions:

\- During the last 5 seconds before the reception of the handover
command:

\- the UE has sent a valid measurement report for the target cell and

\- One of the SSBs measured from the NR target cell being configured
remains detectable according to the cell identification conditions
specified in clause 9.3,

\- One of the SSBs measured from the target cell also remains detectable
during the handover delay according to the cell identification
conditions specified in clause 9.3.

otherwise, it is unknown.

### 6.1.2 NR Handover to other RATs

#### 6.1.2.1 NR -- E-UTRAN Handover

##### 6.1.2.1.1 Introduction

The purpose of inter-RAT handover from NR to E-UTRAN is to change the
radio access mode of PCell from NR to E-UTRAN. The handover procedure is
initiated from NR with a RRC message that implies a handover as
described in TS 38.331 \[2\]. The requirements in this clause are
applicable to SA NR, NE-DC and NR-DC, and to handover from SA NR cell in
a carrier frequency with CCA to E-UTRAN.

##### 6.1.2.1.2 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover to E-UTRAN the UE
shall be ready to start the transmission of the uplink PRACH channel in
E-UTRA within D~handover~ ms from the end of the last TTI containing the
RRC command. D~handover~ is defined as

D~handover~ = T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~ + T~interrupt~

Where:

T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~: it is the RRC procedure delay, which is 50 ms

T~interrupt~: it is the time between end of the last TTI containing the
RRC command on the NR PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission of
the PRACH in E-UTRAN, excluding T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~. T~interrupt~
is defined in clause 6.1.2.1.3.

##### 6.1.2.1.3 Interruption time

When the inter-RAT handover to E-UTRAN is commanded, the interruption
time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + 20 ms

Where:

T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell when the target
cell is not already known when the handover command is received by the
UE. If the target cell is known, then T~search~ = 0 ms. If the target
cell is unknown and signal quality is sufficient for successful cell
detection on the first attempt, then T~search~ = 80 ms. Regardless of
whether DRX is in use by the UE, T~search~ shall still be based on
non-DRX target cell search times.

T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to 30 ms. If PRACH
occasion is configured in radio frames with even SFN and the relative
time difference between radio frame *i* in the current cell and the
target cell is larger than or equal to 153600⋅Ts, the UE is allowed an
additional MIB reception delay of 50-ms.

NOTE: The actual value of T~IU~ shall depend upon the PRACH
configuration used in the target cell.

In the interruption requirement a cell is known if it has been meeting
the relevant cell identification requirement during the last 5 seconds
otherwise it is unknown. Relevant E-UTRAN cell identification
requirements are described in clause 9.4.1.

#### 6.1.2.2 NR -- UTRAN Handover

#### 6.1.2.2.1 Introduction

The purpose of inter-RAT handover from NR to UTRAN is to change the
radio access mode from NR to UTRAN. The handover procedure is initiated
from NR with a RRC message that implies a hard handover as described in
TS 38.331 \[2\].

##### 6.1.2.2.2 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover to UTRAN the UE
shall be ready to start the transmission of the new UTRA uplink DPCCH
within D~handover~ msfrom the end of the last NR TTI containing the RRC
*MobilityfromNRCommand* command.

where:

\- D~handover~ equals the RRC procedure delay, which is 50 ms plus the
interruption time stated in clause 6.1.2.2.3.

##### 6.1.2.2.3 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between the end of the last TTI
containing the RRC command on the NR PDSCH and the time the UE starts
transmission on the uplink DPCCH in UTRAN, excluding the RRC procedure
delay. The interruption time depends on whether the target cell is known
to the UE or not.

The target cell is known if it has been measured by the UE during the
last 5 seconds otherwise it is unknown. The UE shall always perform a
UTRA synchronisation procedure as part of the handover procedure.

If the target cell is known the interruption time shall be less than
T~interrupt1~

T~interrupt1~ = T~IU~+T~sync~+50+ 10\*F~max~ + T~MC~ ms

If the target cell is unknown the interruption time shall be less than
T~interrupt2~

T~interrupt2~ = T~IU~+T~sync~+150 + 10\*F~max~ + T~MC~ ms

This requirement shall be met, if there is one target cell in the
*MobilityfromNRCommand* command. Performance requirements for E-UTRA to
UTRA soft handover are not specified. When UE is connected to an NR
cell, UTRA SFN timing measurements are not reported. This implies that
the timing of the DPCH of the UTRA target cells in the active set cannot
be configured by UTRAN to guarantee that all target cells fall within
the UE reception window of T~0~ +/- 148 chips.

Where:

\- T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty when changing the timing from
the NR to the new UTRAN cell. T~IU~ can be up to one UTRA frame (10 ms).

\- F~max~ denotes the maximum number of radio frames within the
transmission time intervals of all transport channels that are
multiplexed into the same CCTrCH on the UTRA target cell. If HS-PDSCH is
configured in the UTRA target cell, F~max~ is 4 radio frames.

\- T~sync~ is the time required for measuring the downlink DPCCH channel
as stated in TS 25.214 \[32\], clause 4.3.1.2. In case higher layers
indicate the usage of a post-verification period T~sync~=0 ms. Otherwise
T~sync~=40 ms.

\- T~MC~ is 0 ms if a single UTRA cell is configured as the handover
target, otherwise 20 ms if handover to UTRA with 1, 2 or 3 UTRA carriers
with secondary HS-PDSCH is configured.

The phase reference is the primary CPICH.

The requirements in this clause assume that N312 has the smallest
possible value i.e. only one insync is required.

### 6.1.3 NR DAPS Handover

#### 6.1.3.1 Introduction

The requirements in this clause are applicable to DAPS handover to
change the NR PCell to another NR cell.

NOTE: requirements only apply if

\- the UE indicates 'no-gap' via *intraFreq-needForGap* for
intra-frequency measurement of source cell and intra-frequency
measurement of target cell, or

\- the SSB of source cell is completely contained in the active DL BWP
of the source cell, and the SSB of target cell is completely contained
in the active DL BWP of the target cell, or

\- the initial DL and UL BWP of source cell is confined within the
active DL and UL BWP of the source cell respectively, and the initial DL
and UL BWP of target cell is confined within the active DL and UL BWP of
the target cell respectively.

#### 6.1.3.2 NR FR1 - NR FR1 DAPS Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency handovers from NR FR1 cell to NR FR1 cell. A DAPS
handover is intra-frequency if the centre frequency of the SSB of the
source cell and the centre frequency of the SSB of the target cell are
the same, and the subcarrier spacing of the two SSBs are also the same.

NOTE: For intra-frequency DAPS handover, no requirement applies if
active DL and UL BWP of target cell is not confined within the active DL
and UL BWP of the source cell respectively.

NOTE: For inter-frequency DAPS handover, no requirement applies if the
BWP of target cell is overlapped with the BWP of source cell in
frequency domain.

An FR1 DAPS handover is synchronous if it meets the conditions in table
6.1.3.2-1, otherwise it is asynchronous

Table 6.1.3.2-1: Sync conditions for FR1 DAPS handover

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Type of handover     | Maximum receive      | Maximum transmit     |
|                      | timing difference    | timing difference    |
|                      | between source and   | between source and   |
|                      | target cell (µs) for | target cell (µs) for |
|                      | sync DAPS handover   | sync DAPS handover   |
+======================+======================+======================+
| Intra-fr             | 6µs                  | 7.6 µs               |
| equency^Note\ 1,2,3^ |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Intra-band           | 6µs                  | 7.6 µs               |
| inter-frequency      |                      |                      |
| ^Note\ 1,2,3^        |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Inter-band           | 33 µs                | 34.6 µs              |
| inter-frequency      |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NOTE 1: For          |                      |                      |
| synchronous DAPS     |                      |                      |
| handover, if the     |                      |                      |
| receive time         |                      |                      |
| difference exceeds   |                      |                      |
| the cyclic prefix    |                      |                      |
| length of that SCS,  |                      |                      |
| demodulation         |                      |                      |
| performance          |                      |                      |
| degradation is       |                      |                      |
| expected for the     |                      |                      |
| first symbol of the  |                      |                      |
| slot. For            |                      |                      |
| asynchronous DAPS    |                      |                      |
| handover, if the     |                      |                      |
| receive time         |                      |                      |
| difference exceeds   |                      |                      |
| the cyclic prefix    |                      |                      |
| length of that SCS,  |                      |                      |
| interruptions may    |                      |                      |
| occur depending on   |                      |                      |
| UE implementation.   |                      |                      |
| The duration and     |                      |                      |
| frequency of         |                      |                      |
| occurrence of such   |                      |                      |
| interruptions is not |                      |                      |
| specified.           |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| NOTE 2: For DAPS     |                      |                      |
| handover on a TDD    |                      |                      |
| band, after starting |                      |                      |
| RACH procedure, a UE |                      |                      |
| is not required to   |                      |                      |
| transmit in the      |                      |                      |
| uplink to any of     |                      |                      |
| source and target    |                      |                      |
| cells earlier than   |                      |                      |
| N~RX-TX~ after the   |                      |                      |
| end of the last      |                      |                      |
| received downlink    |                      |                      |
| symbol from any of   |                      |                      |
| source and target    |                      |                      |
| cells in the same    |                      |                      |
| TDD band where       |                      |                      |
| N~RX-TX~=25600Tc.    |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| NOTE 3: For DAPS     |                      |                      |
| handover on a TDD    |                      |                      |
| band, after starting |                      |                      |
| RACH procedure, a UE |                      |                      |
| is not required to   |                      |                      |
| receive in the       |                      |                      |
| downlink from any of |                      |                      |
| source and target    |                      |                      |
| cells earlier than   |                      |                      |
| N~TX-RX~ after the   |                      |                      |
| end of the last      |                      |                      |
| transmitted uplink   |                      |                      |
| symbol to any of     |                      |                      |
| source and target    |                      |                      |
| cells in the same    |                      |                      |
| TDD band where       |                      |                      |
| N~TX-RX~=25600Tc.    |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

##### 6.1.3.2.1 DAPS handover delay

Procedure delays for the procedure that can command a DAPS handover are
specified in TS 38.331 \[2\].

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover, the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover1~ seconds from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC
command when UE is configured with dual active protocol stack handover.

D~handover1~ = *T~RRC\_procedure~* + T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ +
T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

*T~RRC\_procedure~* is the maximum RRC procedure delay as specified in
clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\].

T~search~, T~IU~, T~processing~, T~∆~ and T~margin~ are defined in
clause 6.1.1.2.2.

After successful RACH procedure of the target cell, when the UE receives
an RRC message implying source cell release command, the UE shall
accomplish the release actions specified in TS 38.331 \[2\] within
D~handover2~.

D~handover2~ = *T~RRC\_procedure~*+ T~interrupt2~

Where:

*T~RRC\_procedure~* is the RRC procedure delay as specified in clause 12
in TS 38.331 \[2\].

*T~interrupt2~ is* defined in clause 6.1.3.2.2.

##### 6.1.3.2.2 Interruption time

During D~handover1~, the UE is allowed an interruption of up to
T~interrupt1~ on source cell.

For FR1-to-FR1 intra-frequency handover, T~interrupt1~ is specified in
table 6.1.3.2.2-1.

Table 6.1.3.2.2-1: T~interrupt1~ for FR1-to-FR1 intra-frequency DAPS HO

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ![](./media/i  | NR Slot length | Interruption   | Interruption   |
| mage7.wmf){wid | (ms)           | length         | length         |
| th="0.16875in" |                | T~interrupt1~  | T~interrupt1~  |
| heigh          |                | (sl            | (sl            |
| t="0.16875in"} |                | ots^Note\ 1^), | ots^Note\ 1^), |
|                |                | synchronous    | asynchronous   |
|                |                | DAPS HO        | DAPS HO        |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0              | 1              | 1              | 2              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1              | 0.5            | 2              | 3              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2              | 0.25           | 4              | 5              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The    |                |                |                |
| same SCS of    |                |                |                |
| source cell    |                |                |                |
| and target     |                |                |                |
| cell is        |                |                |                |
| assumed.       |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: It is  |                |                |                |
| assumed that   |                |                |                |
| the BWP of     |                |                |                |
| target cell is |                |                |                |
| not larger     |                |                |                |
| than the BWP   |                |                |                |
| of source      |                |                |                |
| cell. It is    |                |                |                |
| assumed that   |                |                |                |
| the CBW of     |                |                |                |
| target cell is |                |                |                |
| not larger     |                |                |                |
| than the CBW   |                |                |                |
| of source cell |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: Void   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

For FR1-to-FR1 intra-band inter-frequency handover, T~interrupt1~ is
specified in table 6.1.3.2.2-2.

Table 6.1.3.2.2-2: T~interrupt1~ for FR1-to-FR1 intra-band
inter-frequency DAPS HO

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ![](./media    | NR Slot length | T~interrupt1~  | T~interrupt1~  |
| /image7.wmf){w | (ms)           | (sl            | (sl            |
| idth="0.155555 |                | ots^Note\ 1^), | ots^Note\ 1^), |
| 55555555556in" |                | synchronous    | asynchronous   |
| hei            |                | DAPS HO        | DAPS HO        |
| ght="0.175in"} |                |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0              | 1              | 1 +            | 2+             |
|                |                | T~S            | T~S            |
|                |                | MTC\_duration~ | MTC\_duration~ |
|                |                | \*             | \*             |
|                |                | $N_{\text{s    | $N_{\text{s    |
|                |                | lot}}^{\text{s | lot}}^{\text{s |
|                |                | ubframe},\mu}$ | ubframe},\mu}$ |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1              | 0.5            | 2 +            | 3+             |
|                |                | T~S            | T~S            |
|                |                | MTC\_duration~ | MTC\_duration~ |
|                |                | \*             | \*             |
|                |                | $N_{\text{s    | $N_{\text{s    |
|                |                | lot}}^{\text{s | lot}}^{\text{s |
|                |                | ubframe},\mu}$ | ubframe},\mu}$ |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2              | 0.25           | 4 +            | 5+             |
|                |                | T~S            | T~S            |
|                |                | MTC\_duration~ | MTC\_duration~ |
|                |                | \*             | \*             |
|                |                | $N_{\text{s    | $N_{\text{s    |
|                |                | lot}}^{\text{s | lot}}^{\text{s |
|                |                | ubframe},\mu}$ | ubframe},\mu}$ |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The    |                |                |                |
| same SCS of    |                |                |                |
| source cell    |                |                |                |
| and target     |                |                |                |
| cell is        |                |                |                |
| assumed.       |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2:        |                |                |                |
| T~S            |                |                |                |
| MTC\_duration~ |                |                |                |
| measured in    |                |                |                |
| subframes is   |                |                |                |
| the longest    |                |                |                |
| SMTC duration  |                |                |                |
| between source |                |                |                |
| cell and       |                |                |                |
| target cell.   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: Void   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 4:        |                |                |                |
| $N_{\text{s    |                |                |                |
| lot}}^{\text{s |                |                |                |
| ubframe},\mu}$ |                |                |                |
| is as defined  |                |                |                |
| in TS 38.211   |                |                |                |
| \[6\].         |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

For FR1-to-FR1 inter-band handover, T~interrupt1~ is specified in table
6.1.3.2.2-3.

Table 6.1.3.2.2-3: T~interrupt1~ for FR1-to-FR1 inter-band DAPS HO

  ![](./media/image7.wmf){width="0.15555555555555556in" height="0.175in"}   NR Slot length (ms)   T~interrupt1~ (slots)   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ----------------------- -------
                                                                            of source cell        Sync                    Async
  0                                                                         1                     1                       2
  1                                                                         0.5                   2                       3
  2                                                                         0.25                  5                       5

For FR1-to-FR1 intra-frequency handover, T~interrupt2~ is specified in
table 6.1.3.2.2-4 when the BWP of target cell is smaller than the BWP of
source cell, and T~interrupt2~ is specified in table 6.1.3.2.2-5 when
the same BWP is used for target cell and source cell.

Table 6.1.3.2.2-4: T~interrupt2~ for FR1-to-FR1 intra-frequency DAPS HO

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ![](./media/i  | NR Slot length | Interruption   | T~interrupt2~  |
| mage7.wmf){wid | (ms)           | length X       | (s             |
| th="0.16875in" |                | (s             | lots^Note\ 1^) |
| heigh          |                | lots^Note\ 1^) | for            |
| t="0.16875in"} |                |                | asynchronous   |
|                |                |                | DAPS HO        |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0              | 1              | 2              | 3              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1              | 0.5            | 4              | 5              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2              | 0.25           | 8              | 9              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The    |                |                |                |
| same SCS of    |                |                |                |
| source cell    |                |                |                |
| and target     |                |                |                |
| cell is        |                |                |                |
| assumed.       |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: It is  |                |                |                |
| assumed that   |                |                |                |
| the BWP of     |                |                |                |
| target cell is |                |                |                |
| smaller than   |                |                |                |
| the BWP of     |                |                |                |
| source cell.   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 6.1.3.2.2-5: T~interrupt2~ for FR1-to-FR1 intra-frequency DAPS HO

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ![](./media/i  | NR Slot length | Interruption   | T~interrupt2~  |
| mage7.wmf){wid | (ms)           | length X       | (s             |
| th="0.16875in" |                | (s             | lots^Note\ 1^) |
| heigh          |                | lots^Note\ 1^) | for            |
| t="0.16875in"} |                |                | asynchronous   |
|                |                |                | DAPS HO        |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0              | 1              | 1              | 2              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1              | 0.5            | 2              | 3              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2              | 0.25           | 4              | 5              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The    |                |                |                |
| same SCS of    |                |                |                |
| source cell    |                |                |                |
| and target     |                |                |                |
| cell is        |                |                |                |
| assumed.       |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: It is  |                |                |                |
| assumed that   |                |                |                |
| the BWP of     |                |                |                |
| target cell is |                |                |                |
| the same as    |                |                |                |
| the BWP of     |                |                |                |
| source cell.   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: Void   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

For FR1-to-FR1 intra-band inter-frequency handover, T~interrupt2~ is
specified in table 6.1.3.2.2-6.

Table 6.1.3.2.2-6: T~interrupt2~ for FR1-to-FR1 intra-band
inter-frequency DAPS HO

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ![](./media    | NR Slot length | T~interrupt2~  | T~interrupt2~  |
| /image7.wmf){w | (ms)           | (s             | (s             |
| idth="0.155555 |                | lots^Note\ 1^) | lots^Note\ 1^) |
| 55555555556in" |                | for            | for            |
| hei            |                | synchronous    | asynchronous   |
| ght="0.175in"} |                | DAPS HO        | DAPS HO        |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0              | 1              | 1 +            | 2+             |
|                |                | T~S            | T~S            |
|                |                | MTC\_duration~ | MTC\_duration~ |
|                |                | \*             | \*             |
|                |                | $N_{\text{s    | $N_{\text{s    |
|                |                | lot}}^{\text{s | lot}}^{\text{s |
|                |                | ubframe},\mu}$ | ubframe},\mu}$ |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 1              | 0.5            | 2 +            | 3+             |
|                |                | T~S            | T~S            |
|                |                | MTC\_duration~ | MTC\_duration~ |
|                |                | \*             | \*             |
|                |                | $N_{\text{s    | $N_{\text{s    |
|                |                | lot}}^{\text{s | lot}}^{\text{s |
|                |                | ubframe},\mu}$ | ubframe},\mu}$ |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| 2              | 0.25           | 4 +            | 5+             |
|                |                | T~S            | T~S            |
|                |                | MTC\_duration~ | MTC\_duration~ |
|                |                | \*             | \*             |
|                |                | $N_{\text{s    | $N_{\text{s    |
|                |                | lot}}^{\text{s | lot}}^{\text{s |
|                |                | ubframe},\mu}$ | ubframe},\mu}$ |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The    |                |                |                |
| same SCS of    |                |                |                |
| source cell    |                |                |                |
| and target     |                |                |                |
| cell is        |                |                |                |
| assumed.       |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2:        |                |                |                |
| T~S            |                |                |                |
| MTC\_duration~ |                |                |                |
| measured in    |                |                |                |
| subframes is   |                |                |                |
| the longest    |                |                |                |
| SMTC duration  |                |                |                |
| between source |                |                |                |
| cell and       |                |                |                |
| target cell.   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: Void.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 4:        |                |                |                |
| $N_{\text{s    |                |                |                |
| lot}}^{\text{s |                |                |                |
| ubframe},\mu}$ |                |                |                |
| is as defined  |                |                |                |
| in TS 38.211   |                |                |                |
| \[6\].         |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

For FR1-to-FR1 inter-band handover, T~interrupt2~ is specified in table
6.1.3.2.2-7.

Table 6.1.3.2.2-7: T~interrupt2~ for FR1-to-FR1 inter-band DAPS HO

  ![](./media/image7.wmf){width="0.15555555555555556in" height="0.175in"}   NR slot length (ms)   T~interrupt2~ (slots)   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ----------------------- -------
                                                                            of target cell        Sync                    Async
  0                                                                         1                     1                       2
  1                                                                         0.5                   2                       3
  2                                                                         0.25                  5                       5

#### 6.1.3.3 NR FR2- NR FR1 DAPS Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to inter-frequency
handovers from NR FR2 cell to NR FR1 cell.

An FR2-FR1 DAPS handover is synchronous if it meets the conditions in
table 6.1.3.3-1, otherwise it is asynchronous

Table 6.1.3.3-1: Sync condition for FR2-FR1 DAPS handover

  Frequency Range of the pair of carriers   Maximum receive timing difference between source and tagettarget cell (µs) for sync DAPS handover   Maximum transmit timing difference between source and tagettarget cell (µs) for sync DAPS handover
  ----------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Between FR1 and FR2                       25                                                                                                  26.1

##### 6.1.3.3.1 DAPS handover delay

Procedure delays for the procedure that can command a DAPS handover are
specified in TS 38.331 \[2\].

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover, the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover1~ ms from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command
when UE is configured with dual active protocol stack handover.

D~handover1~ = *T~RRC\_procedure~* + T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ +
T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

*T~RRC\_procedure~* is the maximum RRC procedure delay as specified in
clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\].

T~search~, T~IU~, T~processing~, T~∆~ and T~margin~ are defined in
clause 6.1.1.3.2.

After successful RACH procedure of the target cell, when the UE receives
an RRC message implying source cell release command, the UE shall
accomplish the release actions specified in TS 38.331 \[2\] within
D~handover2~.

D~handover2~ = *T~RRC\_procedure~*+ T~interrupt2~

Where:

*T~RRC\_procedure~* is the RRC procedure delay as specified in clause 12
in TS 38.331 \[2\].

*T~interrupt2~ is* defined in clause 6.1.3.3.2.

##### 6.1.3.3.2 Interruption time

During D~handover1~, the UE is allowed an interruption of up to
T~interrupt1~ on source cell.

For FR2-to-FR1 inter-band handover, T~interrupt1~ is specified in table
6.1.3.3.2-1.

Table 6.1.3.3.2-1: T~interrupt1~ for FR2-to-FR1 inter-band DAPS HO

  ![](./media/image7.wmf){width="0.15555555555555556in" height="0.175in"}   NR slot length (ms)   T~interrupt1~ (slots)   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ----------------------- -------
                                                                            of source cell        Sync                    Async
  2                                                                         0.25                  5                       5
  3                                                                         0.125                 9                       9

During D~handover2~, the UE is allowed an interruption of up to
T~interrupt2~ on target cell.

For FR2-to-FR1 inter-band handover, T~interrupt2~ is specified in table
6.1.3.3.2-2.

Table 6.1.3.3.2-2: T~interrupt2~ for FR2-to-FR1 inter-band DAPS HO

  ![](./media/image7.wmf){width="0.15555555555555556in" height="0.175in"}   NR slot length (ms)   T~interrupt2~ (slots)   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ----------------------- -------
                                                                            of target cell        Sync                    Async
  0                                                                         1                     1                       2
  1                                                                         0.5                   2                       3
  2                                                                         0.25                  5                       5

#### 6.1.3.4 NR FR1- NR FR2 DAPS Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to inter-frequency
handovers from NR FR1 cell to NR FR2 cell.

An FR1-FR2 DAPS handover is synchronous if it meets the conditions in
table 6.1.3.4-1, otherwise it is asynchronous

Table 6.1.3.4-1: Sync condition for FR1-FR2 DAPS handover

  Frequency Range of the pair of carriers   Maximum receive timing difference between source and tagettarget cell (µs) for sync DAPS handover   Maximum transmit timing difference between source and tagettarget cell (µs)Note 1 sync DAPS handover
  ----------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Between FR1 and FR2                       25                                                                                                  26.1

##### 6.1.3.4.1 DAPS handover delay

Procedure delays for the procedure that can command a DAPS handover are
specified in TS 38.331 \[2\].

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover, the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover1~ ms from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command
when UE is configured with dual active protocol stack handover.

D~handover1~ = *T~RRC\_procedure~* + T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ +
T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

*T~RRC\_procedure~* is the maximum RRC procedure delay as specified in
clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\].

T~search~, T~IU~, T~processing~, T~∆~ and T~margin~ are defined in
clause 6.1.1.5.2.

After successful RACH procedure of the target cell, when the UE receives
an RRC message implying source cell release command, the UE shall
accomplish the release actions specified in TS 38.331 \[2\] within
D~handover2~.

D~handover2~ = *T~RRC\_procedure~*+ T~interrupt2~

Where:

*T~RRC\_procedure~* is the RRC procedure delay as specified in clause 12
in TS 38.331 \[2\].

*T~interrupt2~ is* defined in clause 6.1.3.4.2.

##### 6.1.3.4.2 Interruption time

During D~handover1~, the UE is allowed an interruption of up to
T~interrupt1~ on source cell.

For FR1-to-FR2 inter-band handover, T~interrupt1~ is specified in table
6.1.3.4.2-1.

Table 6.1.3.4.2-1: T~interrupt1~ for FR1-to-FR2 inter-band DAPS HO

  ![](./media/image7.wmf){width="0.15555555555555556in" height="0.175in"}   NR slot length (ms)   T~interrupt1~ (slots)   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ----------------------- -------
                                                                            of source cell        Sync                    Async
  0                                                                         1                     1                       2
  1                                                                         0.5                   2                       3
  2                                                                         0.25                  5                       5

During D~handover2~, the UE is allowed an interruption of up to
T~interrupt2~ on target cell.

For FR1-to-FR2 inter-band handover, T~interrupt2~ is specified in table
6.1.3.4.2-2.

Table 6.1.3.4.2-2: T~interrupt2~ for FR1-to-FR2 inter-band DAPS HO

  ![](./media/image7.wmf){width="0.15555555555555556in" height="0.175in"}   NR slot length (ms)   T~interrupt2~ (slots)   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------- ----------------------- -------
                                                                            of target cell        Sync                    Async
  2                                                                         0.25                  5                       5
  3                                                                         0.125                 9                       9

### 6.1.4 NR Conditional Handover

#### 6.1.4.1 Introduction

The requirements in this clause are applicable to conditional handover
to change the NR PCell to another NR cell.

#### 6.1.4.2 NR FR1 -- NR FR1 conditional handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency conditional handover from NR FR1 cell to NR FR1
cell.

6.1.4.2.1 Handover delay

Procedure delays for all procedures that can command a conditional
handover are specified in TS 38.331 \[2\].

When the UE receives a RRC message implying conditional handover the UE
shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel
within D~CHO~ seconds from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC
command.

D~CHO~ = T~RRC~ + *T~Event\_DU~ +* T~measure~ + T~CHO\_execution~ +
T~interrupt~

Where:

**T~RRC~** is the RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in
TS 38.331 \[2\].

*T~Event\_DU~* is the delay uncertainty which is the time from when the
UE successfully decodes a conditional handover command until

\- a condition exists at the measurement reference point which will
trigger the conditional handover, or

\- a condition exists at the measurement reference point which will
trigger the NES-based conditional handover

**T~measure~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize the
condition for CHO is fulfilled. **T~measure~** equals to the
measurements time stated in clause 6.1.4.2.2.

T~CHO\_execution~ is the conditional execution preparation time in
clause 6.1.4.2.3.

**T~interrupt~** is the interruption time stated in clause 6.1.4.2.4.

The NES-based conditional handover delay requirements shall apply if UE
receives a RRC message implying NES-based conditional handover before
receiving the NES indication in DCI 2-9 command.

UE is not expected to receive a NES indication in DCI 2-9 command before
receiving a RRC message implying NES-based conditional handover. When UE
receives a RRC message implying NES-based conditional handover but no
NES indication in DCI 2-9 command no NES-based conditional handover
requirement is applied. The NES indication is specified in clause 5.5.4
in TS 38.331\[2\].

##### 6.1.4.2.2 Measurement time

The measurement time delay is defined from the end of *T~Event\_DU~*
until UE starts handover execution preparation (T~CHO\_execution~) to a
target cell.

For conditional intra-frequency handover, the measurement time delay
measured without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less
than Tidentify intra with index or Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index
defined in clause 9.2.5.1 or clause 9.2.6.2.

For conditional inter-frequency handover, the measurement time delay
measured without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less
than Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index or Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index
defined in clause 9.3.4 or clause 9.3.9.

For NES-based conditional intra-frequency handover:

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command earlier than the time at
the end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, then the measurement
time delay equal to T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or
T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command later than the time at the
end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, and the condition of NES-based CHO
keeps existing till UE receiving the DCI 2-9 command, then the
measurement time delay equals to the time from the end of T~Event\_DU~
until UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command.

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command later than the time at the
end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, and the condition of NES-based CHO
is not met when receiving the DCI 2-9 command, then the measurement time
delay equals to the time span from the end of *T~Event\_DU~ until a
condition keeps existing for* T~SSB\ measurement\ period\_intra~ *which
will immediately trigger the NES-based conditional handover after DCI
2-9.*

For NES-based conditional inter-frequency handover:

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command earlier than the time at
the end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, and the condition of
NES-based CHO keeps existing till UE receiving the DCI 2-9 command, then
the measurement time delay equal to T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command later than the time at the
end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, then the measurement time delay
equals to the time from the end of T~Event\_DU~ until UE successfully
decodes DCI 2-9 command.

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command later than the time at the
end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, and the condition of NES-based CHO
is not met when receiving the DCI 2-9 command, then the measurement time
delay equals to the time span from the end of *T~Event\_DU~ until a
condition keeps existing for* T~SSB\ measurement\ period\_inter~ *which
will immediately trigger the NES-based conditional handover after DCI
2-9.*

When TTT or L3 filtering is used an additional delay can be expected.

A cell is detectable only if at least one SSB measured from the cell
being configured remains detectable during the time period
Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for
intra-frequency handover or Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index for
inter-frequency handover. If a cell which has been detectable at least
for the time period Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for intra-frequency handover or
Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index for inter-frequency handover becomes
undetectable for a period and then the cell becomes detectable again and
triggers a handover, the measurement time delay shall be less than
TSSB\_measurement\_period\_intra or TSSB\_measurement\_period\_inter
provided the timing to that cell has not changed more than ±
3200/$2^{µ}$ Tc while the measurement gap has not been available and the
L3 filter has not been used, where *µ* is the SCS configuration as
defined in clause 4.2 of TS 38.211 \[3\]. When L3 filtering is used, an
additional delay can be expected.

6.1.4.2.3 Preparation time

T~CHO\_execution~ is the UE execution preparation time for conditional
handover. T~CHO\_execution~ can be up to 10ms.

For conditional handover, it starts after UE realizes the condition of
CHO is fulfilled and identity of the target cell is determined.

For NES-based conditional handover,

\- It starts after UE realizes the condition of CHO is met and identity
of the target cell is determined provided that UE has already
successfully decoded DCI 2-9.

\- Otherwise, it starts after UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9.

6.1.4.2.4 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between when the UE starts to execute
the conditional handover to the target cell and the time the UE starts
transmission of the new PRACH.

For intra-frequency or inter-frequency conditional handover, the
interruption time shall be less than

T~interrupt~ = T~processing~ + T~IU~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to 20
ms.

T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the summation of SSB
to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH occasion
associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\]

T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~Δ~ = T~rs~.

T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2 ms.

T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cellin the handover
command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR
having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the UE is not
provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the
requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms assuming the SSB
transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB
transmission periodicity is not 5 ms. If the UE has been provided with
higher layer in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of *smtc2* prior to the
handover command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2* according to the
physical cell ID of the target cell.

NOTE 1: The actual value of T~IU~ shall depend upon the PRACH
configuration used in the target cell.

#### 6.1.4.3 NR FR2 -- NR FR1 conditional handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to inter-frequency
conditional handover from NR FR2 cell to NR FR1 cell.

The requirements defined in clause 6.1.4.2 applies assuming
inter-frequency handover and:

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to 40
ms.

#### 6.1.4.4 NR FR2 -- NR FR2 conditional handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency conditional handover from NR FR2 cell to NR FR2
cell.

##### 6.1.4.4.1 Handover delay

Procedure delays for all procedures that can command a conditional
handover are specified in TS 38.331 \[2\].

When the UE receives a RRC message implying conditional handover the UE
shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel
within D~CHO~ seconds from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC
command.

D~CHO~ = T~RRC~ + *T~Event\_DU~* + T~measure~ + T~CHO\_execution~ +
T~interrupt~

Where:

**T~RRC~** is the RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in
TS 38.331 \[2\].

*T~Event\_DU~* is the delay uncertainty which is the time from when the
UE successfully decodes a conditional handover command until

\- a condition exists at the measurement reference point which will
trigger the conditional handover, or

\- a condition exists at the measurement reference point which will
trigger the NES-based conditional handover if NES-based conditional
handover applies

**T~measure~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize the
condition for CHO is fulfilled. **T~measure~** equals to the
measurements time stated in clause 6.1.4.4.2.

T~CHO\_execution~ is the conditional execution preparation time in
clause 6.1.4.4.3.

**T~interrupt~** is the interruption time stated in clause 6.1.4.4.4.

The NES-based conditional handover delay requirements shall apply if UE
receives a RRC message implying NES-based conditional handover before
receiving the NES indication in DCI 2-9 command.

UE is not expected to receive a NES indication in DCI 2-9 command before
receiving a RRC message implying NES-based conditional handover. When UE
receives a RRC message implying NES-based conditional handover but no
NES indication in DCI 2-9 command, no NES-based conditional handover
requirement is applied. The NES indication is specified in clause 5.5.4
in TS 38.331\[2\].

##### 6.1.4.4.2 Measurement time

The measurement time delay is defined from the end of *T~Event\_DU~*
until UE starts handover execution preparation (T~CHO\_execution~) to a
target cell.

For conditional intra-frequency handover, the measurement time delay
measured without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less
than Tidentify intra with index or Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index
defined in clause 9.2.5.1 or clause 9.2.6.2.

For conditional inter-frequency handover, the measurement time delay
measured without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less
than Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index or Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index
defined in clause 9.3.4 or clause 9.3.9.

For NES-based conditional intra-frequency handover:

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command occurs earlier than the
time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, then the measurement
time delay equal to T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or
T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command occurs later than the time
at the end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, and the condition of
NES-based CHO keeps existing till UE receiving the DCI 2-9 command, then
the measurement time delay equals to the time from the end of
TE~vent\_DU~ until UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command.

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command later than the time at the
end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, and the condition of NES-based CHO
is not met when receiving the DCI 2-9 command, then the measurement time
delay equals to the time span from the end of *T~Event\_DU~ until a
condition keeps existing for* T~SSB\ measurement\ period\_intra~ *which
will immediately trigger the NES-based conditional handover after DCI
2-9.*

For NES-based conditional inter-frequency handover:

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command occurs earlier than the
time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, then the measurement
time delay equal to T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command occurs later than the time
at the end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, and the condition of
NES-based CHO keeps existing till UE receiving the DCI 2-9 command, then
the measurement time delay equals to the time from the end of
T~Event\_DU~ until UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command.

\- If UE successfully decodes DCI 2-9 command later than the time at the
end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, and the condition of NES-based CHO
is not met when receiving the DCI 2-9 command, then the measurement time
delay equals to the time span from the end of *T~Event\_DU~ until a
condition keeps existing for* T~SSB\ measurement\ period\_inter~ *which
will immediately trigger the NES-based conditional handover after DCI
2-9.*

When TTT or L3 filtering is used an additional delay can be expected.

A cell is detectable only if at least one SSB measured from the cell
being configured remains detectable during the time period
Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for
intra-frequency handover or Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index for
inter-frequency handover. If a cell which has been detectable at least
for the time period Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for intra-frequency handover or
Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index for inter-frequency handover becomes
undetectable for a period and then the cell becomes detectable again and
triggers a handover, the measurement time delay shall be less than
TSSB\_measurement\_period\_intra or TSSB\_measurement\_period\_inter
provided the timing to that cell has not changed more than ±
3200/$2^{µ}$ Tc while the measurement gap has not been available and the
L3 filter has not been used, where *µ* is the SCS configuration as
defined in clause 4.2 of TS 38.211 \[3\]. When L3 filtering is used, an
additional delay can be expected.

##### 6.1.4.4.3 Preparation time

T~CHO\_execution~ is the UE execution preparation time for conditional
handover.

For conditional handover, it starts after UE realizes the condition of
CHO is fulfilled and identity of the target cell is determined.

For NES-based conditional handover,

\- It starts after UE realizes the condition of CHO is met and identity
of the target cell is determined provided that UE has already
[successfully decoded DCI 2-9.]{.underline}

\- Otherwise, i[t starts after UE successfully decodes DCI
2-9.]{.underline}

And T~CHO\_execution~ can be up to 10ms.

##### 6.1.4.4.4 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between when the UE starts to execute
the conditional handover to the target cell and the time the UE starts
transmission of the new PRACH.

For intra-frequency or inter-frequency conditional handover, the
interruption time shall be less than

T~interrupt~ = T~processing~ + T~IU~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to 20
ms.

T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the summation of SSB
to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH occasion
associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\]

T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~Δ~ = T~rs~.

T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2 ms.

T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cellin the handover
command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR
having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the UE is not
provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the
requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms assuming the SSB
transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB
transmission periodicity is not 5 ms. If the UE has been provided with
higher layer in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of *smtc2* prior to the
handover command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2* according to the
physical cell ID of the target cell.

NOTE 1: The actual value of T~IU~ shall depend upon the PRACH
configuration used in the target cell.

#### 6.1.4.5 NR FR1 -- NR FR2 conditional handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to inter-frequency
conditional handover from NR FR1 cell to NR FR2 cell.

The requirements defined in clause 6.1.4.4 applies assuming
inter-frequency handover and:

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to 40
ms.

### 6.1.5 NR Handover with PSCell

#### 6.1.5.1 Introduction

The purpose of NR handover with PSCell is to change the NR PCell to
another NR cell or E-UTRA cell and add or change the PSCell along with
PCell handover. The requirements in this clause are applicable to:

\- Handover with PSCell from NR SA to EN-DC

\- Handover with PSCell from NR-DC to NR-DC

\- Handover with PSCell from NE-DC to NE-DC

\- Requirements in this clause only applies to NE-DC with FR1 PCell

#### 6.1.5.2 Handover with PSCell from NR SA to EN-DC

The requirements in this clause are applicable to inter-RAT handover
from NR to E-UTRAN and FR1/FR2 PSCell addition.

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover with PSCell, the UE
shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel
on target E-UTRA PCell within D~HOwithPSCell\_PCell~ msec from the end
of the last TTI containing the RRC command, and the UE shall be ready to
start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel on target PSCell
within D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ msec from the end of the last TTI
containing the RRC command.

Where:

\- D~HOwithPSCell\_PCell~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay
(i.e. 50 ms) plus the interruption time stated in clause 6.1.5.2.1.

\- D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ equals the PSCell addition delay stated in
clause 6.1.5.2.2.

##### 6.1.5.2.1 Interruption time for inter-RAT HO from NR to E-UTRAN

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay

When handover with PSCell from NR SA to EN-DC is commanded, the
interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search\_HO~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~

Where:

> \- T~search\_HO~ is same as the T~search~ defined in section
> 6.1.2.1.3.
>
> \- T~IU~ is same as the one defined in section 6.1.2.1.3.

\- Tprocessing is the SW processing time needed by UE, including RF warm
up period. When target PSCell is unknown and SMTC configuration of
target unknown PSCell is present in *RRCConnectionReconfiguration*
\[2\], Tprocessing = 30ms if target PSCell is in FR1, Tprocessing = 50
ms if target PSCell is in FR2; otherwise, Tprocessing = 25ms if target
PSCell is in FR1, Tprocessing = 45ms if target PSCell is in FR2.

In the interruption requirement a cell is known if it has been meeting
the relevant cell identification requirement during the last 5 seconds
otherwise it is unknown. Relevant E-UTRA cell identification
requirements are described in clause 9.4.1.

##### 6.1.5.2.2 PSCell addition in HO with PSCell for NR SA to EN-DC

The requirements in this section shall apply for PSCell addition during
handover with PSCell from NR SA to EN-DC.

When handover with PSCell from NR SA to EN-DC is commanded, the PSCell
addition time shall be less than D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~:

\- D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ = T~RRC\_delay~ + T~processing~ +
T~search\_PCell~ + T~search\_PSCell~ + T~∆~ + T~PSCell\_\ DU~ + 2 ms

> Where:

\- T~RRC\_delay~ is the RRC procedure delay. T~RRC\_delay~ = 50 ms.

\- Tprocessing is as defined in section 6.1.5.2.1.

\- T~search\_PCell~ is the time for obtaining the timing reference of
target PCell. T~search\_PCell~ = T~search\_HO~ which is as defined in
section 6.1.5.2.1 if target PSCell is unknown and SMTC configuration of
target unknown PSCell is configured in *RRCConnectionReconfiguration* of
*targetRAT-MessageContainer* \[2\]. Otherwise, T~search\_PCell~ = 0.

\- T~search\_PSCell~ is same as T~search~ in section 7.31.2 of TS
36.133\[15\], and T~∆~ and T~PSCell\_\ DU~ is same as the one defined in
section 7.31.2 of TS 36.133\[15\]. The Trs definition from section
7.31.2 of TS 36.133\[15\] is modified as following for requirement in
this section:

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if target PSCell
is unknown and SMTC configuration of target unknown PSCell is present in
*RRCConnectionReconfiguration* \[2\], otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC
configured in the measObjectNR having the same SSB frequency and
subcarrier spacing. If the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or
measurement object on this frequency, the requirement in this section is
applied with T~rs~ = 5 ms assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5
ms. There is no requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5
ms.

PSCell known and unknown condition is as defined in section 7.31.2 of TS
36.133\[15\].

#### 6.1.5.3 HO with PSCell from NE-DC to NE-DC

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency handovers from NR PCell to NR PCell on FR1, and the
PSCell addition is on LTE.

##### 6.1.5.3.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying PCell handover with PSCell
change, the UE shall be ready to start the transmission of the new
uplink PRACH channel on target NR PCell within D~HOwithPSCell\_PCell~
from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command, and UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel on
target E-UTRA PSCell within D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ from the end of the
last TTI containing the RRC command.

The PCell handover delay, D~HOwithPSCell\_PCell~, equals to the
applicable RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\]
plus the PCell interruption time (T~interrupt~) defined in clause
6.1.5.3.2.

PSCell addition/change delay, D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ is defined in
clause 6.1.5.3.3.

##### 6.1.5.3.2 HO with PSCell - PCell Interruption time 

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency handover is commanded, the
interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search\_PCell~ + T~∆\_PCell~ + T~margin\_PCell~ +
T~IU\_PCell~ + T~processing~ ms

Where:

> \- If the source cell is in FR1 and target cell is in FR1,
> T~search\_PCell,~ T~∆\_PCell~, T~margin\_PCell~ is same as the
> T~search~, T~∆~, T~margin~ defined in section 6.1.1.2.2 respectively.
>
> \- T~processing~ is UE software processing and RF warmup delay for
> PCell HO and for this case T~processing~ can be up to 25 ms.

\- T~IU\_PCell~ can be up to the summation of SSB to PRACH occasion
association period and 10 ms if there is no collision between PCell RACH
and PSCell RACH occasion or UE can perform PCell RACH and PSCell RACH
occasion simultaneously as defined in TS 38.213\[39\] section 7.6.1A;
otherwise, longer T~IU\_PCell~ is expected to include the uncertainty in
acquiring the next available RACH occasion for PCell RACH transmission.

##### 6.1.5.3.3 PSCell addition/change in NE-DC to NE-DC HO with PSCell

When HO with PSCell addition is commanded, the PSCell addition/change
time shall be less than D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~.

\- D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell\ =~ T~config\_EUTRAN-PSCell~ +
T~processing\_margin~.

where

\- T~config\_EUTRAN-PSCell~ is defined in clause 8.8.2, and

\- T~processing\_margin~ = 5 ms is the additional delay margin for RF
warm-up and software processing in handover with PSCell.

#### 6.1.5.4 HO with PSCell from NR-DC to NR-DC

The requirements in this clause are applicable to handover with PSCell
from NR-DC to NR-DC. The requirements in this clause are applicable to

\- FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC,

\- FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC,

\- FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC,

\- FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC.

This clause defines requirements for the delay within which the UE shall
be able to handover from NR cell to NR cell and change NR PSCell in the
meantime.

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover with PSCell,

\- The UE shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink
PRACH channel of the target PCell within D~HOwithPSCell\_PCell~ ms from
the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command, and

\- The UE shall be capable of transmitting PRACH preamble towards the
target PSCell no later than D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ ms from the end of
the last TTI containing the RRC command.

Where:

\- D~HOwithPSCell\_PCell~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay
defined in clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time
stated in clause 6.1.5.4.1.

\- D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ is the PSCell change delay stated in clause
6.1.5.4.2.

6.1.5.4.1 HO with PSCell -- PCell Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When handover with PSCell from NR-DC to NR-DC is commanded, the
interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

\- T~search~, T~IU~, T~∆~ and T~margin~ are the same as defined in
clause 6.1.1.2.2.

> \- T~processing~ is the SW processing time needed by UE, including RF
> warm up period.

For FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC or FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC,
Tprocessing = 30 ms if SMTC of the target unknown PSCell is configured
in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not configured in
*reconfigurationWithSync*. Otherwise, Tprocessing = 25 ms.

For FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC or FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC,
Tprocessing = 50 ms if SMTC of the target unknown PSCell is configured
in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not configured in
*reconfigurationWithSync*. Otherwise, Tprocessing = 45 ms.

In the interruption requirement a cell is known if it has been meeting
the relevant cell identification requirement during the last 5 seconds
otherwise it is unknown. Relevant cell identification requirements are
described in clause 9.2.5 for intra-frequency handover and clause 9.3.4
for inter-frequency handover.

6.1.5.4.2 HO with PSCell -- PSCell change delay

The requirements in this section shall apply for PSCell change during
handover with PSCell from NR-DC to NR-DC.

When handover with PSCell from NR-DC to NR-DC is commanded, the PSCell
change time shall be less than D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~:

\- D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ = T~RRC\_delay~ + T~processing~ +
T~search\_PCell~ + T~search\_PSCell~ + T~∆\_PSCell~ + T~PSCell\_\ DU~ +
2 ms

Where:

\- T~RRC\_delay~ and T~PSCell\_\ DU~ are the same as defined in clause
8.9.2. T~∆\_PSCell~ = T~∆~ which is specified in clause 8.9.2.
T~search\_PSCell~ is same as T~search~ defined in clause 8.9.2.

\- T~processing~ is the SW processing time needed by UE, including RF
warm up period.

For FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC or FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC,
Tprocessing = 30 ms if SMTC of the target unknown PSCell is configured
in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not configured in
*reconfigurationWithSync*. Otherwise, Tprocessing = 25 ms.

For FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC or FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC,
Tprocessing = 50 ms if SMTC of the target unknown PSCell is configured
in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not configured in
*reconfigurationWithSync*. Otherwise, Tprocessing = 45 ms.

\- T~search\_PCell~ is the time for obtaining the timing reference of
target PCell. If SMTC of the target unknown PSCell is configured in
*targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not configured in
*reconfigurationWithSync*, T~search\_PCell~ = T~search~ + T~Δ~ +
T~margin~, where T~search~, T~Δ~ and T~margin~ are specified in clause
6.1.5.4.1. Otherwise, T~search\_PCell~ = 0 ms.

The T~rs~ definition from clause 8.9.2 is modified as following for
requirements in this section:

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if target PSCell
is unknown and SMTC configuration of target unknown PSCell is present in
either *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* or *reconfigurationWithSync*, otherwise
T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR having the same SSB
frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the measObjectNRs having the same
SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing configured by MN and SN have
different SMTC, T~rs~ is the periodicity of one of the SMTC which is up
to UE implementation. If the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or
measurement object on this frequency, the requirement in this section is
applied with T~rs~ = 5 ms assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5
ms. There is no requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5
ms.

PSCell known and unknown condition is as defined in clause 8.9.2.

#### 6.1.5.5 Handover with PSCell from NR SA to EN-DC with PSCell using CCA

##### 6.1.5.5.1 Introduction

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover with PSCell change,
the UE shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH
channel on target E-UTRA PCell within D~HOwithPSCell\_PCell~ ms from the
end of the last TTI containing the RRC command, and UE shall be ready to
start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel on a target
PSCell on a carrier frequency with CCA within D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~
seconds and from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command.

Where:

D~HOwithPSCell\_PCell~ equals the maximum RRC procedure delay defined in
clause 11.2 in TS 36.331 \[16\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1.5.5.2.

D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ is the PSCell addition delay stated in clause
6.1.5.5.3

##### 6.1.5.5.2 NR SA to EN-DC HO with PSCell- NR to E-UTRA HO Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH excluding the RRC procedure delay. This requirement
applies when UE is not required to perform any synchronisation procedure
before transmitting on the new PRACH or on the new PUSCH.

When Handover with PSCell is commanded, the interruption time shall be
less than Tinterrupt

Tinterrupt = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ ms

Where:

T~search~ is same as the T~search~ defined in section 6.1.2.1.3

T~IU~ is same as the one defined in section 6.1.2.1.3.

T~processing~ is the SW processing time needed by UE, including RF warm
up period. When target PSCell is unknown and SMTC configuration of
target unknown PSCell is present in *RRCConnectionReconfiguration*
\[2\], Tprocessing = 30 ms, otherwise, T~processing­­­~ = 25 ms.

NOTE: The actual value of T~IU~ shall depend upon the PRACH
configuration used in the target E-UTRA cell.

In the interruption requirement, a cell is known if it has been meeting
the relevant cell identification requirement during the last 5 seconds.
Otherwise, it is unknown. Relevant E-UTRA cell identification
requirements are described in clause 9.4.1.

##### 6.1.5.5.3 NR SA to EN-DC HO with PSCell - NR PSCell Addition Delay requirements

When Handover with PSCell is commanded, the NR PSCell on a carrier
frequency with CCA changing delay shall be less than
D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~:

D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ = T~RRC\_delay~ + T~processing~ +
T~search\_PCell~ + T~search\_PSCell~ + T~∆~ + T~IU\_PSCell~ + T~margin~

Where:

T~RRC\_delay~ is maximum RRC procedure delay defined in clause 11.2 in
TS 36.331 \[16\].

T~search\_PCell~ is the time for obtaining the timing reference of
target PCell. T~search\_PCell~ is same as T~search\_HO~ as defined in
section 6.1.5.2.1, if target PSCell is unknown and SMTC configuration of
target unknown PSCell is present in *RRCConnectionReconfiguration*
\[2\]. Otherwise, T~search\_PCell~ = 0

> T~search\_PSCell~ is the time required to search the target cell when
> the target cell is not already known when the handover command is
> received by the UE. If the target cell is known, then
> T~search\_PSCell~ = 0 ms. If the target cell is an unknown cell and
> target cell Es/Iot ≥ \[-2\] dB, then T~search\_PSCell~ = (3+L~1~)
> \*T~rs~ ms. Regardless of whether DRX is in use by the UE, T~search~
> shall still be based on non-DRX target cell search times.
>
> L~1~ is the number of SMTC occasions not available at the UE during
> the inter-RAT detection period. Regardless of whether DRX is in use by
> the UE, T~search~ shall still be based on non-DRX target cell search
> times.
>
> T~∆~ is same as T~∆\_withCCA~ in section 7.31A.2 in TS 36.133\[15\].
>
> T~processing~ is time for UE processing and is same as defined in
> clause 6.1.5.5.2.
>
> T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to
> 2 ms.
>
> T~IU\_PSCell~ is the delay uncertainty due to the random-access
> procedure when sending PRACH to the new cell. T~IU\_PSCell~ can be up
> to: (1+ **L~3~**) \*T~SSB,RO~ + 10 ms; where T~SSB,RO~ is the SSB to
> PRACH occasion association period as defined in table 8.1-1 of TS
> 38.213 \[39\] and L~3~ is the number of consecutive SSB to PRACH
> occasion association periods during which no PRACH occasion is
> available for PRACH transmission due to UL CCA failures or RACH
> collision between PCell and PSCell. L~3~ = 0 for Type 2C UL channel
> access procedure as defined in TS 37.213 \[57\] and when there are no
> RACH collisions between PCell and PSCell. When the UE is configured
> with *both* the UL BWP with PRACH occasion on the target cell and UL
> LBT failure detection/recovery, the interruption can be longer.
>
> NOTE 1: The actual value of T~IU\_PSCell~ shall depend upon the PRACH
> configuration used in the target cell.
>
> NOTE 2: *The interruption time extended by L~1,~ L~2~, and L~3~
> parameters, and by the UL LBT failure detection/recovery mechanism is
> limited by the T304 timer. The UE behaviour at the T304 timer expiry
> is specified in TS 38.331 \[2\].*
>
> T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if target PSCell
> is unknown and SMTC configuration of target unknown PSCell is present
> in *RRCConnectionReconfiguration* \[2\], otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC
> configured in the measObjectNR having the same SSB frequency and
> subcarrier spacing. If the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or
> measurement object on this frequency, the requirement in this section
> is applied with T~rs~ = 5 ms assuming the SSB transmission periodicity
> is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity
> is not 5 ms.

A cell on a carrier frequency with CCA is known if it has been meeting
the relevant cell identification requirement during the last 5 seconds.
Otherwise, it is unknown. Relevant cell identification requirements are
described in clauses 8.1.2.4.21A, and 8.1.2.4.22A in TS 36.133\[15\].

6.1.6 NR Conditional Handover including target MCG and target SCG

#### 6.1.6.1 Conditional handover including target MCG in FR1 and target SCG in FR1 in NR-DC

The requirements in this clause are applicable to conditional handover
with target SCG from NR-DC to NR-DC. The requirements in this clause are
only applicable to:

\- FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC,

\- FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC.

This clause defines requirements for the delay within which the UE shall
be able to conditional handover from NR cell to NR cell and change NR
PSCell in the meantime.

When the UE receives a RRC message implying conditional handover with
PSCell,

\- The UE shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink
PRACH channel of the target PCell within D~CHOwithPSCell\_PCell~ ms from
the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command, and

\- The UE shall be capable of transmitting PRACH preamble towards the
target PSCell no later than D~CHOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ ms from the end of
the last TTI containing the RRC command.

D~CHOwithPSCell\_PCell~ = T~RRC~ + *T~Event\_DU~ +* T~measure~ +
T~CHO\_execution~ + T~interrupt~

D~CHOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ is the PSCell change delay stated in clause
6.1.6.1.2

Where:

**T~RRC~** is the RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in
TS 38.331 \[2\].

*T~Event\_DU~* is the delay uncertainty which is the time from when the
UE successfully decodes a conditional handover command until a condition
exists at the measurement reference point which will trigger the
conditional handover.

**T~measure~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize the
condition for CHO is fulfilled. **T~measure~** equals to the
measurements time stated in clause 6.1.4.2.2.

T~CHO\_execution~ is the conditional execution preparation time in
clause 6.1.4.2.3.

**T~interrupt~** is the interruption time stated in clause 6.1.6.1.1.

##### 6.1.6.1.1 CHO with PSCell -- PCell Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between when the UE starts to execute
the conditional handover to the target cell and the time the UE starts
transmission of the new PRACH.

For intra-frequency or inter-frequency conditional handover, the
interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

\- T~IU~, T~∆~ and T~margin~ are the same as defined in clause 6.1.4.2.4

\- T~processing~ is the SW processing time needed by UE, including RF
warm up period.

For FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC, Tprocessing = 30 ms if SMTC of the
target unknown PSCell is configured in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not
configured in *reconfigurationWithSync*. Otherwise, Tprocessing = 25 ms.

For FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC, Tprocessing = 50 ms if SMTC of the
target unknown PSCell is configured in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not
configured in *reconfigurationWithSync*. Otherwise, Tprocessing = 45 ms.

In the interruption requirement a cell is known if it has been meeting
the relevant cell identification requirement during the last 5 seconds
otherwise it is unknown. Relevant cell identification requirements are
described in clause 9.2.5 for intra-frequency handover and clause 9.3.4
for inter-frequency handover.

##### 6.1.6.1.2 CHO with PSCell -- PSCell change delay

The requirements in this section shall apply for PSCell change during
conditional handover with PSCell from NR DC to NR-DC.

When conditional handover with PSCell from NR-DC to NR-DC is commanded,
the PSCell change time shall be less than D~CHOwithPSCell\_PSCell~:

> \- D~CHOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ = **T~RRC\_delay~ + T~Event\_DU~ +
> T~measure~ + T~CHO\_execution~ + T~processing~ +
> T~search\_PCell\_Conditional~ + T~search\_PSCell~ + T~∆\_PSCell~ +
> T~PSCell\_DU~ + 2 ms**
>
> Where:

\- T~RRC\_delay,~ T~Event\_DU~, T~measure~, T~CHO\_execution~ are the
same as defined in clause 6.1.6.1

**- T~processing~** is the same as defined in clause 6.1.6.1.1.
**T~search\_PSCell\ ~**is same as T~search~ defined in clause 8.9.2.
T~PSCell\_\ DU~ is same as defined in clause 8.9.2.

\- T~search\_PCell\_Conditional~ is the time for obtaining the timing
reference of target PCell. If SMTC of the target unknown PSCell is
configured in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not configured in
*reconfigurationWithSync*, T~search\_PCell\_Conditional~ = T~Δ~ +
T~margin~, where T~Δ~ and T~margin~ are specified in clause 6.1.6.1.1
Otherwise, T~search\_PCell\_Conditional~ = 0 ms.

\- T~∆\_PSCell~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~∆\_PSCell~ = 1\*Trs ms for a known or
unknown PSCell.

\- T~PSCell\_DU~ is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first
available PRACH occasion in the PSCell. T~PSCell\_DU~ is up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to
PRACH occasion associated period is defined in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213
\[3\].

The T~rs~ definition from clause 8.9.2 is modified as following for
requirements in this section:

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if target PSCell
is unknown and SMTC configuration of target unknown PSCell is present in
either *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* or *reconfigurationWithSync*, otherwise
T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR having the same SSB
frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the measObjectNRs having the same
SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing configured by MN and SN have
different SMTC, T~rs~ is the periodicity of one of the SMTC which is up
to UE implementation. If the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or
measurement object on this frequency, the requirement in this section is
applied with T~rs~ = 5 ms assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5
ms. There is no requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5
ms.

PSCell known and unknown condition is as defined in clause 8.9.2.

#### 6.1.6.2 Conditional handover including target MCG in FR1 and target SCG in FR2 in NR-DC

The requirements in this clause are applicable to conditional handover
with target SCG from NR-DC to NR-DC. The requirements in this clause are
only applicable to:

\- FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC,

\- FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC.

This clause defines requirements for the delay within which the UE shall
be able to handover from NR cell to NR cell and change NR PSCell in the
meantime.

When the UE receives a RRC message implying conditional handover
including target MCG in FR1 and target SCG in FR2,

\- The UE shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink
PRACH channel of the target PCell within D~CHOwithPSCell\_PCell~ ms from
the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command, and

\- The UE shall be capable of transmitting PRACH preamble towards the
target PSCell no later than D~CHOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ ms from the end of
the last TTI containing the RRC command.

Where:

\- D~CHOwithPSCell\_PCell~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay
defined in clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time
stated in clause 6.1.6.2.1.

\- D~CHOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ is the PSCell change delay stated in clause
6.1.6.2.2.

6.1.6.2.1 CHO with PSCell -- PCell handover delay

Procedure delays for all procedures that can command a conditional
handover are specified in TS 38.331 \[2\].

When the UE receives a RRC message implying conditional handover the UE
shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel
of the target PCell within D~CHOwithPSCell\_PCell~ seconds from the end
of the last TTI containing the RRC command.

D~CHOwithPSCell\_PCell~ =T~RRC~ + T~Event\_DU~ + T~measure~ +
T~CHO\_execution~ + T~processing~ + T~IU~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~

Where:

**T~RRC~** is the RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in
TS 38.331 \[2\].

*T~Event\_DU~* is the delay uncertainty which is the time from when the
UE successfully decodes a conditional handover command until a condition
exists at the measurement reference point which will trigger the
conditional handover.

**T~measure~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize the
condition for CHO is fulfilled. **T~measure~** equals to the
measurements time stated in clause 6.1.4.2.2.

T~processing~ is the SW processing time needed by UE, including RF warm
up period.

For FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC, Tprocessing = 50 ms if SMTC of the
target unknown PSCell is configured in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not
configured in *reconfigurationWithSync*. Otherwise, Tprocessing = 45 ms.

For FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC, Tprocessing = 30 ms if SMTC of the
target unknown PSCell is configured in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not
configured in *reconfigurationWithSync*. Otherwise, Tprocessing = 25 ms.

***T~IU~*** is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first
available PRACH occasion in the new cell stated in clause 6.1.4.2.4.

***T~∆~*** is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell stated in clause 6.1.4.2.4.

***T~margin~*** is time for SSB post-processing stated in
clause 6.1.4.2.4.

T~CHO\_execution~ is the conditional execution preparation time in
clause 6.1.4.2.3

##### 6.1.6.2.2 CHO with PSCell -- PSCell change delay

The requirements in this section shall apply for PSCell change during
handover with PSCell from NR DC to NR-DC.

When handover with PSCell from NR-DC to NR-DC is commanded, the PSCell
change time shall be less than D~HOwithPSCell\_PSCell~:

\- D~CHOwithPSCell\_PSCell~ = T~RRC\_delay~ + T~Event\_DU~ + T~measure~
+ T~CHO\_execution~ + T~processing~ + T~search\_PCell\_Conditional~ +
T~search\_PSCell~ + T~∆\_PSCell~ + T~PSCell\_\ DU~ + 2 ms

Where:

\- T~RRC\_delay,~ T~Event\_DU,~ T~measure~ and T~CHO\_execution~ are the
same as defined in clause 6.1.6.2.1. T~search\_PSCell,~ T~∆\_PSCell~ and
T~PSCell\_\ DU~ are the same as defined in clause 6.1.5.4.2.

> \- T~processing~ is the SW processing time needed by UE, including RF
> warm up period.
>
> For FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC, Tprocessing = 50 ms if SMTC of the
> target unknown PSCell is configured in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but
> not configured in *reconfigurationWithSync*. Otherwise, Tprocessing =
> 45 ms.

For FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC, Tprocessing = 30 ms if SMTC of the
target unknown PSCell is configured in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not
configured in *reconfigurationWithSync*. Otherwise, Tprocessing = 25 ms.

\- T~search\_PCell\_Conditional~ is the time for obtaining the timing
reference of target PCell. If SMTC of the target unknown PSCell is
configured in *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* but not configured in
*reconfigurationWithSync*, T~search\_PCell~ ~\_Conditional~ = T~Δ~ +
T~margin~, where T~Δ~ and T~margin~ are specified in clause 6.1.5.4.1.
Otherwise, T~search\_PCell~ ~\_Conditional~ = 0 ms.

The T~rs~ definition from clause 8.9.2 is modified as following for
requirements in this section:

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if target PSCell
is unknown and SMTC configuration of target unknown PSCell is present in
either *targetcellSMTC-SCG-r16* or *reconfigurationWithSync*, otherwise
T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR having the same SSB
frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the measObjectNRs having the same
SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing configured by MN and SN have
different SMTC, T~rs~ is the periodicity of one of the SMTC which is up
to UE implementation. If the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or
measurement object on this frequency, the requirement in this section is
applied with T~rs~ = 5 ms assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5
ms. There is no requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5
ms.

PSCell known and unknown condition is as defined in clause 8.9.2.

6.1.7 NR Conditional Handover including target MCG and candidate SCG

6.1.7.1 Conditional handover including target MCG and candidate SCG for
CPC in FR1 NR-DC

The purpose of NR Conditional handover including target MCG and
candidate SCG for CPC is to change the NR PCell to another NR cell and
change the PSCell along with PCell handover. The requirements in this
clause are applicable to:

\- FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC,

\- FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC.

When the CHO execution condition is met but no CPC execution condition
is met, and the UE has an available complementary CHO-only
configuration, the UE executes CHO without CPC and the delay
requirements for CHO defined in section 6.1.4 apply.

When the CHO execution condition is met but no CPC execution condition
is met, and the UE has Rel-17 complementary CHO with SCG configuration,
the UE executes Rel-17 CHO with SCG execution and the delay requirements
for CHO with SCG defined in section 6.1.6 apply.

When the UE receives a RRC message implying conditional handover
including target MCG and candidate SCG for CPC,

\- The UE shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink
PRACH channel of the target PCell within D~CHOwithCPC\_PCell~ ms from
the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command, and

\- The UE shall be capable of transmitting PRACH preamble towards the
target PSCell no later than D~CHOwithCPC\_PSCell~ ms from the end of the
last TTI containing the RRC command.

Where:

\- D~CHOwithCPC\_PCell~ is the PCell conditional handover delay stated
in clause 6.1.7.1.1.

\- D~CHOwithCPC\_PSCell~ is the PSCell conditional change delay stated
in clause 6.1.7.1.2.

6.1.7.1.1 PCell conditional handover delay

D~CHOwithCPC\_PCell~ = T~RRC\_delay~ + *T~Event\_DU~ +* max
(T~measure\_PCell~, T~measure\_PSCell~) + T~UE\_preparation~ +
T~processing~ + T~∆\_PCell~ + T~PCell\_DU~ + 2 ms

*-* T~RRC\_delay~ is the RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in
TS 38.331 \[2\] for processing the RRC command.

*-* T~Event\_DU~ in PCell and PSCell handover delay requirement is the
delay uncertainty which is the time from when the UE successfully
decodes the RRC command for CHO including target MCG and candidate SCG
for CPC until conditions exist at the measurement reference point which
will trigger the CHO and CPC.

> **- T~measure\_PCell~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize
> the condition for CHO is fulfilled. **T~measure\_PCell~** equals to
> the measurements time stated in clause 6.1.7.1.1.1.

**- T~measure\_PSCell~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize
the condition for conditional PSCell change is fulfilled.
**T~measure\_PSCell~** equals to the measurements time stated in clause
6.1.7.1.2.1.

\- T~UE\_preparation~ is the UE preparation time for conditional
handover with conditional PSCell change, and starts at simultaneous
execution of PCell handover and PSCell change to a target PCell and a
target PSCell respectively *after UE realizes the conditions of
conditional PCell handover and conditional PSCell change are met and
identities of the target PCell and PSCell are determined*.
T~UE\_preparation~ is up to 10 ms.

\- T~processing~ is the SW processing time needed by UE, including RF
warm up period.

For FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC, Tprocessing = 25 ms.

For FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR1 NR-DC, Tprocessing = 45 ms.

\- T~∆\_PCell~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target PCell. T~∆\_PCell~ = 1\*T~rs~ ms.

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in handover
message, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR
having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the UE is not
provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the
requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~ = 5 ms assuming the SSB
transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB
transmission periodicity is not 5 ms.

\- T~PCell\_DU~ is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first
available PRACH occasion in the PCell. T~PCell\_DU~ is up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to
PRACH occasion associated period is defined in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213
\[3\].

6.1.7.1.1.1 Measurement time

The measurement time delay for PCell is defined from the end of
*T~Event\_DU~* until UE realizes the condition of PCell handover is met
and the identity of new PCell is determined.

For intra-frequency PCell handover, the measurement time delay measured
without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
Tidentify\_intra with index or Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index defined
in clause 9.2.5.1 or clause 9.2.6.2.

For inter-frequency PCell handover, the measurement time delay measured
without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~ or T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~
defined in clause 9.3.4. When TTT or L3 filtering is used an additional
delay can be expected.

A cell is detectable only if at least one SSB measured from the cell
being configured remains detectable during the time period
Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for
intra-frequency PCell handover or the time period
Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index or Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index for
inter-frequency PCell handover. If a cell, which has been detectable at
least for the time period Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for intra-frequency PCell handover or the
time period Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index for inter-frequency PCell handover,
becomes undetectable for a period and then the cell becomes detectable
again and triggers a PCell handover, the measurement time delay shall be
less than TSSB\_measurement\_period\_intra or
TSSB\_measurement\_period\_inter provided the timing to that cell has
not changed more than ± 3200/$2^{µ}$ Tc while the measurement gap has
not been available and the L3 filter has not been used, where *µ* is the
SCS configuration as defined in clause 4.2 of TS 38.211 \[3\]. When L3
filtering is used, an additional delay can be expected.

##### 6.1.7.1.2 PSCell conditional change delay

D~CHOwithCPC\_PSCell~ = T~RRC\_delay~ + *T~Event\_DU~ +* max
(T~measure\_PCell~, T~measure\_PSCell~) + T~UE\_preparation~ +
T~processing~ + T~∆\_PSCell~ + T~PSCell\_DU~ + 2 ms

*-* T~RRC\_delay~ is the RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in
TS 38.331 \[2\] for processing the RRC command.

*-* T~Event\_DU~ in PCell and PSCell handover delay requirement is the
delay uncertainty which is the time from when the UE successfully
decodes the RRC command for CHO including target MCG and candidate SCG
for CPC until conditions exist at the measurement reference point which
will trigger the CHO and CPC.

> **- T~measure\_PCell~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize
> the condition for CHO is fulfilled. **T~measure\_PCell~** equals to
> the measurements time stated in clause 6.1.7.1.1.1.

**- T~measure\_PSCell~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize
the condition for conditional PSCell change is fulfilled.
**T~measure\_PSCell~** equals to the measurements time stated in clause
6.1.7.1.2.1.

\- T~UE\_preparation~ is the UE preparation time for conditional
handover with conditional PSCell change, and starts at simultaneous
execution of PCell handover and PSCell change to a target PCell and a
target PSCell respectively *after UE realizes the
condition[s]{.underline} of conditional PCell handover and conditional
PSCell change are met and identities of the target PCell and PSCell are
determined*. T~UE\_preparation~ is up to 10 ms.

\- T~processing~ is as specified in clause 6.1.7.1.1.

\- T~∆\_PSCell~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target PSCell. T~∆\_PSCell~ = 1\*T~rs~ ms.

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in PSCell
addition message, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the
measObjectNR having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If
the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this
frequency, the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~ = 5 ms
assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no
requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5 ms.

\- T~PSCell\_DU~ is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first
available PRACH occasion in the PSCell. T~PSCell\_DU~ is up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to
PRACH occasion associated period is defined in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213
\[3\].

##### 6.1.7.1.2.1 Measurement time {#measurement-time-2 .H6}

The measurement time delay for PSCell is defined from the end of
*T~Event\_DU~* until UE realizes the condition of PSCell change is met
and identity of new PSCell is determined.

For intra-frequency PSCell change, the measurement time delay measured
without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
Tidentify intra with index or Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index defined
in clause 9.2.5.1 or clause 9.2.6.2.

For inter-frequency PSCell change, the measurement time delay measured
without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~ or T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~
defined in clause 9.3.4. When TTT or L3 filtering is used an additional
delay can be expected.

A cell is detectable only if at least one SSB measured from the cell
being configured remains detectable during the time period
Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for
intra-frequency PCell handover or the time period
Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index or Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index for
inter-frequency PCell handover. If a cell, which has been detectable at
least for the time period Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for intra-frequency PCell handover or the
time period Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index for inter-frequency PCell handover,
becomes undetectable for a period and then the cell becomes detectable
again and triggers a PCell handover, the measurement time delay shall be
less than TSSB\_measurement\_period\_intra or
TSSB\_measurement\_period\_inter provided the timing to that cell has
not changed more than ± 3200/$2^{µ}$ Tc while the measurement gap has
not been available and the L3 filter has not been used, where *µ* is the
SCS configuration as defined in clause 4.2 of TS 38.211 \[3\]. When L3
filtering is used, an additional delay can be expected.

#### 6.1.7.2 Conditional handover including target MCG in FR1 and Candidate SCG for CPC in FR2 in NR-DC

The requirements in this clause are applicable to conditional handover
including target MCG in FR1 and candidate SCG for CPC in FR2 NR-DC. The
requirements in this clause are applicable to:

\- FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC,

\- FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC.

Procedure delays for all procedures that can command a conditional
handover including target MCG and candidate SCG for CPC are specified in
TS 38.331 \[2\].

When the CHO execution condition is met but no CPC execution condition
is met and the UE has an available complementary CHO-only configuration
the UE executes CHO without CPC and the delay requirements for CHO
defined in section 6.1.4 apply.

When the CHO execution condition is met but no CPC execution condition
is met and the UE has Rel-17 complementary CHO with SCG configuration
the UE executes Rel-17 CHO with SCG execution and the delay requirements
for CHO with SCG defined in section 6.1.6 apply.

When the UE receives a RRC message implying conditional handover
including target MCG and candidate SCG for CPC

> the UE shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink
> PRACH channel of the target PCell within D~CHOwithCPC\_PCell~ ms from
> the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command and
>
> the UE shall be capable of transmitting of the new uplink PRACH
> channel of the target PSCell within D~CHOwithCPC\_PSCell~ ms from the
> end of the last TTI containing the RRC command.
>
> Where:

\- D~CHOwithCPC\_PCell~ is the PCell conditional handover delay stated
in clause 6.1.7.2.1.

\- D~CHOwithCPC\_PSCell~ is the PSCell conditional change delay stated
in clause 6.1.7.2.2.

##### 6.1.7.2.1 PCell handover delay

D~CHOwithCPC\_PCell~ = T~RRC\_delay~ + *T~Event\_DU~ +* max
(T~measure\_PCell~, T~measure\_PSCell~) + T~UE\_preparation~ +
T~processing~ + T~∆\_PCell~ + T~PCell\_DU~ + 2 ms

*-* T~RRC\_delay~ is the RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in
TS 38.331 \[2\] for processing the RRC command.

*-* T~Event\_DU~ in PCell and PSCell handover delay requirement is the
delay uncertainty which is the time from when the UE successfully
decodes the RRC command for CHO including target MCG and candidate SCG
for CPC until conditions exist at the measurement reference point which
will trigger the CHO with CPC.

> **- T~measure\_PCell~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize
> the condition for CHO is fulfilled. **T~measure\_PCell~** equals to
> the measurements time stated in clause 6.1.7.2.1.1

**- T~measure\_PSCell~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize
the condition for conditional PSCell change is fulfilled.
**T~measure\_PSCell~** equals to the measurements time stated in clause
6.1.7.2.2.1.

\- T~UE\_preparation~ is the UE preparation time for conditional
handover with conditional PSCell change and starts at simultaneous
execution of PCell handover and PSCell change to a target PCell and a
target PSCell respectively *after UE realizes the conditions of
conditional PCell handover and conditional PSCell change are met and
identities of the target PCell and PSCell [ ]{.underline} are [
]{.underline} determined*. T~UE\_preparation~ is up to 10 ms.

\- T~processing~ is the SW processing time needed by UE, including RF
warm up period.

For FR1-FR1 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC, Tprocessing = 45 ms.

For FR1-FR2 NR-DC to FR1-FR2 NR-DC, Tprocessing = 25 ms

\- T~∆\_PCell~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target PCell. T~∆\_PCell~ = 1\*T~rs~ ms.

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in handover
message, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR
having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the UE is not
provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the
requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~ = 5 ms assuming the SSB
transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB
transmission periodicity is not 5 ms.

\- T~PCell\_DU~ is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first
available PRACH occasion in the PCell. T~PCell\_DU~ is up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to
PRACH occasion associated period is defined in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213
\[3\].

##### 6.1.7.2.1.1 Measurement time

The measurement time delay for PCell is defined from the end of
*T~Event\_DU~* until UE realizes the condition of PCell handover is met
and identity of new PCell is determined.

For intra-frequency PCell handover, the measurement time delay measured
without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
Tidentify intra with index or Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index defined
in clause 9.2.5.1 or clause 9.2.6.2.

For inter-frequency PCell handover, the measurement time delay measured
without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~ or T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~
defined in clause 9.3.4. When TTT or L3 filtering is used an additional
delay can be expected.

A cell is detectable only if at least one SSB measured from the cell
being configured remains detectable during the time period
Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for
intra-frequency PCell handover or the time period
Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index or Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index for
inter-frequency PCell handover. If a cell, which has been detectable at
least for the time period Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for intra-frequency PCell handover or the
time period Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index for inter-frequency PCell handover,
becomes undetectable for a period and then the cell becomes detectable
again and triggers a PCell handover, the measurement time delay shall be
less than TSSB\_measurement\_period\_intra or
TSSB\_measurement\_period\_inter provided the timing to that cell has
not changed more than ± 3200/$2^{µ}$ Tc while the measurement gap has
not been available and the L3 filter has not been used, where *µ* is the
SCS configuration as defined in clause 4.2 of TS 38.211 \[3\]. When L3
filtering is used, an additional delay can be expected.

##### 6.1.7.2.2 PSCell conditional change delay 

D~CHOwithCPC\_PSCell~ = T~RRC\_delay~ + *T~Event\_DU~ +*
max(T~measure\_PCell~, T~measure\_PSCell~) + T~UE\_preparation~ +
T~processing~ + T~∆\_PSCell~ + T~PSCell\_DU~ + 2 ms

*-* T~RRC\_delay~ is the RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in
TS 38.331 \[2\] for processing the RRC command.

*-* T~Event\_DU~ in PCell and PSCell handover delay requirement is the
delay uncertainty which is the time from when the UE successfully
decodes the RRC command for CHO including target MCG and candidate SCG
for CPC until conditions exist at the measurement reference point which
will trigger the CHO with CPC.

> **- T~measure\_PCell~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize
> the condition for CHO is fulfilled. **T~measure\_PCell~** equals to
> the measurements time stated in clause 6.1.7.2.1.1.

**- T~measure\_PSCell~** is the time for the UE to measure and realize
the condition for conditional PSCell change is fulfilled.
**T~measure\_PSCell~** equals to the measurements time stated in clause
6.1.7.2.2.1.

\- T~UE\_preparation~ is the UE preparation time for conditional
handover with conditional PSCell change and starts at simultaneous
execution of PCell handover and PSCell change to a target PCell and a
target PSCell respectively *after UE realizes the conditions of
conditional PCell handover and conditional PSCell change are met and
identities of the target PCell and PSCell are determined*.
T~UE\_preparation~ is up to 10 ms.

\- T~processing~ is as specified in clause 6.1.7.2.1.

\- T~∆\_PSCell~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target PSCell. T~∆\_PSCell~ = 1\*T~rs~ ms.

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in PSCell change
message, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR
having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the UE is not
provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the
requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~ = 5 ms assuming the SSB
transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB
transmission periodicity is not 5 ms.

\- T~PSCell\_DU~ is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first
available PRACH occasion in the PSCell. T~PSCell\_DU~ is up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to
PRACH occasion associated period is defined in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213
\[3\].

##### 6.1.7.2.2.1 Measurement time {#measurement-time-4 .H6}

The measurement time delay for PSCell is defined from the end of
*T~Event\_DU~* until UE realizes the condition of PSCell change is met
and identity of new PSCell is determined.

For intra-frequency PSCell change, the measurement time delay measured
without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
Tidentify intra with index or Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index defined
in clause 9.2.5.1 or clause 9.2.6.2.

For inter-frequency PSCell change, the measurement time delay measured
without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~ or T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~
defined in clause 9.3.4. When TTT or L3 filtering is used an additional
delay can be expected.

A cell is detectable only if at least one SSB measured from the cell
being configured remains detectable during the time period
Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for
intra-frequency PCell handover or the time period
Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index or Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index for
inter-frequency PCell handover. If a cell, which has been detectable at
least for the time period Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for intra-frequency PCell handover or the
time period Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index for inter-frequency PCell handover,
becomes undetectable for a period and then the cell becomes detectable
again and triggers a PCell handover, the measurement time delay shall be
less than TSSB\_measurement\_period\_intra or
TSSB\_measurement\_period\_inter provided the timing to that cell has
not changed more than ± 3200/$2^{µ}$ Tc while the measurement gap has
not been available and the L3 filter has not been used, where *µ* is the
SCS configuration as defined in clause 4.2 of TS 38.211 \[3\]. When L3
filtering is used, an additional delay can be expected.

6.1A Void
---------

### 6.1A.1 Void

#### 6.1A.1.1 Void

#### 6.1A.1.2 Void

##### 6.1A.1.2.1 Void

##### 6.1A.1.2.2 Void

6.1B Handover to target cell using CCA
--------------------------------------

### 6.1B.1 NR Handover

#### 6.1B.1.1 Introduction

The purpose of NR handover to target cell using CCA is to change the NR
PCell to a target NR cell in a carrier frequency with CCA. The
requirements in this clause are applicable to NR SA.

In the requirements of clause 6.1B.1, the term SMTC occasion not
available at the UE refers to when the SMTC contains SSBs configured by
gNB in a cell on a carrier frequency subject to CCA, but the first two
successive candidate SSB positions for the same SSB index within the
discovery burst transmission window are not available at the UE due to
DL CCA failures at gNB during the corresponding detection or time
tracking period; otherwise the SMTC occasion is considered as available
at the UE.

In the requirements of clause 6.1B.1, the term PRACH occasion
unavailable for transmission refers to when the PRACH occasion is
configured by gNB but not transmitted by the UE during the corresponding
period due to UL CCA failure at the UE.

#### 6.1B.1.2 NR FR1 - NR FR1 Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to inter-frequency
handovers from NR FR1 cell to NR FR1 cell in carrier frequencies with
CCA, and to both intra-frequency and inter-frequency handovers from NR
FR1 cell in carrier frequencies with CCA to NR FR1 cell in carrier
frequencies with CCA.

##### 6.1B.1.2.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives an RRC message implying handover the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover~ ms from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command.

Where:

D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay to be defined in
clause12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1B.1.2.2.

##### 6.1B.1.2.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency handover is commanded, the
interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell when the target
cell is not already known when the handover command is received by the
UE. If the target cell is known, then T~search~ = 0 ms. If the target
cell is an unknown intra-frequency cell and the target cell Es/Iot≥-2
dB, then T~search~ = (1+L~1~) \*T~rs~. If the target cell is an unknown
inter-frequency cell and the target cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ =
(3+L~1~´) \*T~rs~ where L~1~ and L~1~´ are the number of SMTC occasions
not available at the UE during the intra-frequency and inter-frequency
detection period, respectively. Regardless of whether DRX is in use by
the UE, T~search~ shall still be based on non-DRX target cell search
times.

T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~∆~ = (1+ L~2~) \*T~rs~ ms, where L~2~
is the number of SMTC occasions not available at the UE during the time
tracking period.

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to 20
ms.

T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2 ms.

T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty due to the random access procedure
when sending PRACH to the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to: (1+
**L~3~**)\*T~SSB,RO~ + 10 ms where T~SSB,RO~ is the SSB to PRACH
occasion association period as defined in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\]
and L~3~ is the number of consecutive SSB to PRACH occasion association
periods during which no PRACH occasion is available for PRACH
transmission due to UL CCA failure. L~3~ = 0 for Type 2C UL channel
access procedure as defined in TS 37.213 \[33\]. When the UE is
configured with *both* the UL BWP with PRACH occasion on the target cell
and UL CCA failure detection/recovery, the interruption can be longer.

T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell in a carrier
frequency with CCA if the UE has been provided with an SMTC
configuration for the target cell in the handover command, otherwise
T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR having the same SSB
frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the UE is not provided SMTC
configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the requirement
in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms assuming the SSB transmission
periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB transmission
periodicity is not 5 ms.

NOTE 1: The interruption time considering the potential extensions
caused by L~1~, L~1~´,L~2~ , L~3~ *and by the UL CCA failure
detection/recovery mechanism* is limited by the T304 timer. The UE
behaviour at the T304 timer expiry is detailed in TS 38.331 \[2\].

In the interruption requirement a cell is known if it has been meeting
the relevant cell identification requirement during the last 5 seconds
otherwise it is unknown. Relevant cell identification requirements are
described in clause 9.2A.5 for intra-frequency handover and
clause 9.3A.4 for inter-frequency handover to a carrier frequency with
CCA.

#### 6.1B.1.3 NR FR2-2 NR FR2-2 Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to inter-frequency
handovers from NR FR2-2 cell to NR FR2-2 cell in carrier frequencies
with CCA, and to both intra-frequency and inter-frequency handovers from
NR FR2-2 cell in carrier frequencies with CCA to NR FR2-2 cell in
carrier frequencies with CCA.

##### 6.1B.1.3.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover~ ms from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command.

Where:

\- D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in
clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1B.1.3.2.

##### 6.1B.1.3.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency handover is commanded, the
interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

\- T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell when the
handover command is received by the UE. If the target cell is a known
cell, then T~search~ = 0 ms. If the target cell is an unknown
intra-frequency cell and the target cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ =
(1+L~1~) \* N \* T~rs~ ms. If the target cell is an unknown
inter-frequency cell and the target cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ =
(3+L~1~´) \* N \* T~rs~ where L~1~ and L~1~´ are the number of SMTC
occasion groups not available at the UE during the intra-frequency and
inter-frequency detection period, respectively. An SMTC occasion group
consists of N consecutive SMTC occasions. An SMTC occasion group is not
available, when at least one SMTC occasion in the group is not
transmitted by the gNB. N is equal to 12. Regardless of whether DRX is
in use by the UE, T~search~ shall still be based on non-DRX target cell
search times.

\- T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to
20 ms.

\- T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2
ms.

\- T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~∆~ = (1+ L~2~) \* T~rs~, where L~2~ is
the number of SMTC occasions not available at the UE during the time
tracking period.

\- T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty due to the random access
procedure when sending PRACH to the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to (1+
**L~3~**)\*T~SSB,RO~ + 10 ms, where T~SSB,RO~ is SSB to PRACH occasion
associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\] and
L~3~ is the number of consecutive SSB to PRACH occasion association
periods during which no PRACH occasion is available for PRACH
transmission due to UL CCA failure. L~3~ = 0 for Type 3 channel access
procedure as defined in TS 37.213 \[33\] L~3~ = 0 if
*ra-ChannelAccess-r17* is not configured in FR2-2.

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell in a carrier
frequency with CCA if the UE has been provided with an SMTC
configuration for the target cell in the handover command, otherwise
T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the *measObjectNR* having the same SSB
frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the UE is not provided SMTC
configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the requirement
in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms assuming the SSB transmission
periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB transmission
periodicity is not 5 ms.

NOTE 1: The interruption time considering the potential extensions
caused by L~1~, L~1~, L~2~ , L~3~ *and by the UL CCA failure
detection/recovery mechanism* is limited by the T304 timer. The UE
behaviour at the T304 timer expiry is detailed in TS 38.331 \[2\].

In FR2-2, the target cell is known if it has been meeting the following
conditions:

\- During the last 5 seconds before the reception of the handover
command:

\- the UE has sent a valid measurement report for the target cell and

\- One of the SSBs measured from the NR target cell being configured
remains detectable according to the cell identification conditions
specified in clause 9.2A.5 for intra-frequency handover and
clause 9.3A.4 for inter-frequency handover to a carrier frequency with
CCA,

\- One of the SSBs measured from the target cell also remains detectable
during the handover delay according to the cell identification
conditions specified in clause 9.2A.5 for intra-frequency handover and
clause 9.3A.4 for inter-frequency handover to a carrier frequency with
CCA.

otherwise it is unknown.

#### 6.1B.1.4 NR FR1- NR FR2-2 Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to inter-frequency
handovers from NR FR1 cell to NR FR2-2 cell in carrier frequencies with
CCA.

##### 6.1B.1.4.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover~ ms from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC command.

Where:

D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in
clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1B.1.4.2.

##### 6.1B.1.4.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When inter-frequency handover is commanded, the interruption time shall
be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell when the
handover command is received by the UE. If the target cell is a known
cell, then T~search~ = 0 ms. If the target cell is an unknown
inter-frequency cell and the target cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ =
(3+L~1~) \* N \* T~rs~, where L~1~ is the number of SMTC occasion groups
not available at the UE during the inter-frequency detection period. An
SMTC occasion group consists of N consecutive SMTC occasions. An SMTC
occasion group is not available, when at least one SMTC occasion in the
group is not transmitted by the gNB. N is equal to 12. Regardless of
whether DRX is in use by the UE, T~search~ shall still be based on
non-DRX target cell search times.

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up 40 ms.

T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2 ms.

T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~∆~ = (1+ L~2~) \* T~rs~, where L~2~ is
the number of SMTC occasions not available at the UE during the time
tracking period.

T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty due to the random access procedure
when sending PRACH to the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to (1+
**L~3~**)\*T~SSB,RO~ + 10 ms, where T~SSB,RO~ is SSB to PRACH occasion
associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\] and
L~3~ is the number of consecutive SSB to PRACH occasion association
periods during which no PRACH occasion is available for PRACH
transmission due to UL CCA failure. L~3~ = 0 for Type 3 channel access
procedure as defined in TS 37.213 \[33\] L~3~ = 0 if
*ra-ChannelAccess-r17* is not configured in FR2-2.

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell in a carrier
frequency with CCA if the UE has been provided with an SMTC
configuration for the target cell in the handover command, otherwise
T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the *measObjectNR* having the same SSB
frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the UE is not provided SMTC
configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the requirement
in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms assuming the SSB transmission
periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB transmission
periodicity is not 5 ms.

NOTE 1: The interruption time considering the potential extensions
caused by L~1~, L~2,~ L~3~ *and by the UL CCA failure detection/recovery
mechanism* is limited by the T304 timer. The UE behaviour at the T304
timer expiry is detailed in TS 38.331 \[2\].

In FR2-2, the target cell is known if it has been meeting the following
conditions:

During the last 5 seconds before the reception of the handover command:

\- the UE has sent a valid measurement report for the target cell and

One of the SSBs measured from the NR target cell being configured
remains detectable according to the cell identification conditions
specified in clause 9.2A.5 for intra-frequency handover and
clause 9.3A.4 for inter-frequency handover to a carrier frequency with
CCA,

\- One of the SSBs measured from the target cell also remains detectable
during the handover delay according to the cell identification
conditions specified in clause 9.2A.5 for intra-frequency handover and
clause 9.3A.4 for inter-frequency handover to a carrier frequency with
CCA.

otherwise it is unknown.

6.1C Handover for SAN
---------------------

### 6.1C.1 NR SAN Handover

#### 6.1C.1.1 Introduction

The purpose of NR SAN handover is to change the NR SAN PCell to another
NR SAN cell. The requirements in this clause are applicable to SA NR
SAN.

#### 6.1C.1.2 NR SAN FR1 -- NR SAN FR1 Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency handovers from NR SAN FR1 cell to NR SAN FR1 cell.
The requirements in this clause apply provided that UE has the valid and
applicable parameters of ephemeris information, common TA, DL and UL
Polarization information, K~offset~, and K~mac~ for target NR SAN cell
during D~handover~, otherwise interruption time may be longer than the
requirements in clause 6.1C.1.2.2.1 or clause 6.1C.1.2.2.2.

##### 6.1C.1.2.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover to NR SAN cell, the
UE shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH
channel within D~handover~ msec from the end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command when UE is configured with RACH-based handover.

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover to NR SAN cell, the
UE shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PUSCH
channel or PRACH channel within D~handover~ msec from the end of the
last TTI containing the RRC command when UE is configured with RACH-less
handover.

Where:

\- D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in
clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1C.1.2.2.1 when UE is configured with RACH-based handover.

\- D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in
clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1C.1.2.2.2 when UE is configured with RACH-less handover.

##### 6.1C.1.2.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH or PUSCH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

In the interruption requirement a cell is known if it has been meeting
the relevant cell identification requirement during the last 5 seconds
otherwise it is unknown. Relevant cell identification requirements are
described in clause 9.2C.5 for intra-frequency handover and clause
9.3C.4 for inter-frequency handover.

##### 6.1C.1.2.2.1 Interruption time for RACH-based handover {#c.1.2.2.1-interruption-time-for-rach-based-handover .H6}

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency handover to NR SAN cell is
commanded,

the interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Otherwise, no interruption time requirement is applied.

Where:

\- T~search~ is the time required to search the target NR SAN cell when
the target cell is not already known when the handover command is
received by the UE. If the target cell is known, then T~search~ = 0 ms.
If the target cell is an unknown intra-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot ≥ -2 dB, then T~search~ = T~rs~ ms. If the target cell is an
unknown inter-frequency cell and the target cell Es/Iot ≥ -2 dB, then
T~search~ = 3\* T~rs~ ms. Regardless of whether DRX is in use by the UE,
T~search~ shall still be based on non-DRX target cell search times.

\- T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~∆~ = T~rs~.

\- T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to
20 ms.

\- T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2
ms.

\- T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first
available PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to
PRACH occasion associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS
38.213 \[3\].

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR SAN cell if the UE has
been provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in the
handover command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the
measObjectNR having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If
the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this
frequency, the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms
assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no
requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5 ms. If the UE
has been provided with higher layer in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of
*smtc2* prior to the handover command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2*
according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.

##### 6.1C.1.2.2.2 Interruption time for RACH-less handover {#c.1.2.2.2-interruption-time-for-rach-less-handover .H6}

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency RACH-less handover to NR SAN
cell is commanded,

the interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Otherwise, no interruption time requirement is applied.

Where:

\- T~search~ is same as the one defined in section 6.1C.1.2.2.1.

\- T~∆~ is same as the one defined in section 6.1C.1.2.2.1.

\- T~processing~ is same as the one defined in section 6.1C.1.2.2.1.

\- T~margin~ is same as the one defined in section 6.1C.1.2.2.1.

\- T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first UL
transmission resource, which can be a configured grant based PUSCH,
dynamic grant based PUSCH, according to NW configuration and scheduling,
or PRACH if no valid configured grant based PUSCH is selected. T~IU~ can
be up to the summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and
10 ms. SSB to PRACH occasion associated period is defined in the table
8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\].

#### 6.1C.1.3 NR SAN FR2-NTN -- NR SAN FR2-NTN Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency handovers from NR SAN FR2-NTN cell to NR SAN FR2-NTN
cell. The requirements in this clause apply provided that UE has the
valid and applicable parameters of ephemeris information, common TA, DL
and UL Polarization information, K~offset~, and K~mac~ for target NR SAN
cell during D~handover~, otherwise interruption time may be longer than
the requirements in clause 6.1C.1.3.2.

##### 6.1C.1.3.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover to NR SAN cell, the
UE shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH
channel within D~handover~ msec from the end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command.

Where:

\- D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in
clause 12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1C.1.3.2.

##### 6.1C.1.3.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency handover to NR SAN cell is
commanded, and if the target NR SAN cell is served by the same satellite
as the serving cell, the interruption time shall be less than
T~interrupt\_intra\_sat~, where T~interrupt\_intra\_sat~ is same as
T~interrupt~ defined in clause 6.1C.1.2.2.

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency handover to NR SAN cell is
commanded, and if the target NR SAN cell is served by a different
satellite than the serving cell, the interruption time shall be less
than T~interrupt\_inter\_sat~, where

T~interrupt\_inter\_sat~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ +
T~sat\_beam~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

\- T~search~ is the time required to search the target NR SAN cell. If
the target cell is an intra-frequency cell and the target cell Es/Iot ≥
-2 dB, then T~search~ = T~rs~ ms. If the target cell is an
inter-frequency cell and the target cell Es/Iot ≥ -2 dB, then T~search~
= 3\* T~rs~ ms. Regardless of whether DRX is in use by the UE, T~search~
shall still be based on non-DRX target cell search times.

\- T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~∆~ = T~rs~.

\- T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to
20 ms.

\- T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2
ms.

\- T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first
available PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to
PRACH occasion associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS
38.213 \[3\].

\- T~sat\_beam~ is additional time for UE to steer the downlink spatial
domain reception filter to the target cell.

\- For UE indicating '*electronic'* via UE capability
*ntn-VSAT-AntennaType-r18*, T~sat\_beam~ is 3\*T~rs~

\- For UE indicating '*mechanical'* via UE capability
*ntn-VSAT-AntennaType-r18*, T~sat\_beam~ is O~angle~ / 22.5 s, where
O~angle~ is the angle offset observed from UE in degree between the
satellite for the serving cell and the satellite for the target cell.

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR SAN cell if the UE has
been provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in the
handover command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the
measObjectNR having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If
the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this
frequency, the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms
assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no
requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5 ms. If the UE
has been provided with higher layer in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of
*smtc2* prior to the handover command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2*
according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.

### 6.1C.2 NR SAN Conditional Handover

#### 6.1C.2.1 Introduction

The requirements in this clause are applicable to conditional handover
to change the NR SAN PCell to another NR SAN cell.

#### 6.1C.2.2 NR SAN FR1 -- NR SAN FR1 conditional handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency conditional handover from NR SAN FR1 cell to NR SAN
FR1 cell. The requirements in this clause apply provided that UE has the
valid and applicable parameters of ephemeris information, common TA, DL
and UL Polarization information, K~offset~, and K~mac~ for target NR SAN
cell during D~CHO~, otherwise the measurement time, preparation time and
interruption time may be longer than the requirements in clauses
6.1C.2.2.2, 6.1C.2.2.3 and 6.1C.2.2.4.

##### 6.1C.2.2.1 Handover delay

Procedure delays for all procedures that can command a conditional
handover are specified in TS 38.331 \[2\]. UE shall start RRM
measurement before the time or distance condition is met, the
time/distance condition is defined in clause 5.5.4 in TS 38.331\[2\]

When the UE receives a RRC message implying conditional handover the UE
shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel
or PUSCH channel within D~CHO~ seconds from the end of the last TTI
containing the RRC command.

D~CHO~ = T~RRC~ + *T~Event\_DU~ +* T~measure~ + T~interrupt~ +
T~CHO\_execution~

Where:

**- T~RRC~** is the RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in
TS 38.331 \[2\].

*-* T~Event\_DU~ is the delay uncertainty which is the time from when
the UE successfully decodes a conditional handover command until a
condition exists at the measurement reference point which will trigger
the conditional handover

\- **T~measure~** is the measurements time stated in clause 6.1C.2.2.2.

\- T~CHO\_execution~ is the UE conditional execution preparation time
for conditional handover in clause 6.1C.2.2.3.

**- T~interrupt~** is the interruption time stated in clause 6.1C.2.2.4.

The conditional handover delay requirements are applied if condition
T1-1 is later than the end of T~measure~ for time based CHO, both
condition D1-1 and condition D1-2, or both condition D2-1 and condition
D2-2 are fulfilled before the end of T~measure~ for location-based CHO,
otherwise no CHO requirement is applied.

##### 6.1C.2.2.2 Measurement time

The measurement time delay is defined from the end of *T~Event\_DU~*
until UE executes a handover to a target cell and interruption time
starts.

For intra-frequency handover, the measurement time delay for identifying
a new detectable intra frequency cell measured without Time To Trigger
(TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~,
defined in clause 9.2C.5.1 and clause 9.2C.6.1.

For time-based conditional intra-frequency handover:

\- If condition T1-1 occurs earlier than the time at the end of
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, then the measurement time delay
equals to T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or
T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~ assuming UE only performs the
measurements within SMTC window of the target cell.

\- If condition T1-1 occurs later than the time at the end of
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, then the measurement time delay
equals to the time from the end of T~Event\_DU~ until condition T1-1.

For location-based conditional intra-frequency handover:

\- If both source cell and target cell are quasi-Earth fixed cells,

> \- if both condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled earlier
> than the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ +
> T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
> T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, then the measurement time delay
> equals to T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or
> T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~ assuming UE only performs
> measurements within SMTC window of the target cell.
>
> \- if both condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled is later
> than the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ +
> T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
> T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~ for intra-frequency handover, then
> the measurement time delay equals to the time from the end of
> T~Event\_DU~ until the time when both condition D2-1 and condition
> D1-2 are fulfilled.

\- if both source cell and target cell are earth moving cells,

> \- if both condition D2-1 and condition D2-2 are fulfilled earlier
> than the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ +
> T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
> T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, then the measurement time delay
> equals to T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or
> T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~ assuming UE only performs
> measurements within SMTC window of the target cell.
>
> \- if both condition D2-1 and condition D2-2 are fulfilled later than
> the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ plus
> T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~
> for intra-frequency handover, then the measurement time delay equals
> to the time from the end of T~Event\_DU~ until the time when both
> condition D1-1 and condition D2-2 are fulfilled.

For inter-frequency handover, the measurement time delay for identifying
a new detectable inter frequency cell measured without Time To Trigger
(TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~,
defined in clause 9.3C.7.1.

For time-based conditional inter-frequency handover:

\- If condition T1-1 occurs earlier than the time at the end of
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, then the measurement time delay
equals to T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~ assuming that the UE uses only the
SMTC window of the target inter-frequency carrier for performing the
measurements. In this case K~satellite~=1, CSSF~inter~=1.

\- If condition T1-1 occurs later than the time at the end of
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, then the measurement time delay
equals to the time from the end of T~Event\_DU~ until condition T1-1.

For location-based conditional inter-frequency handover,

\- if both source cell and target cell are quasi-Earth fixed cells,

> \- If both condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled earlier
> than the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ +
> T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
> T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, then the measurement time delay
> equals to T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
> T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, assuming that the UE uses only the
> SMTC window of the target inter-frequency carrier for performing the
> measurements. In this case K~satellite=~1, CSSF~inter~=1.
>
> \- If both condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled later than
> the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~+T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
> T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, then the
> measurement time delay equal to the time from the end of T~Event\_DU~
> until the time of both condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are
> fulfilled.

\- if both source cell and target cell are earth moving cells,

> \- if both condition D2-1 and condition D2-2 are fulfilled earlier
> than the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ +
> T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or T~Event\_DU~ +
> T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, then the measurement time delay
> equals to T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
> T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, assuming that the UE uses only the
> SMTC window of the target inter-frequency carrier for performing the
> measurements. In this case K~satellite=~1, CSSF~inter~=1.
>
> \- if both condition D2-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled later than
> the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~
> or T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, then the
> measurement time delay equals to the time from the end of T~Event\_DU~
> until the time of both condition D2-1 and condition D2-2 are
> fulfilled.

When TTT or L3 filtering is used an additional delay can be expected.

A cell is detectable only if at least one SSB measured from the cell
being configured remains detectable during the time period
Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for
intra-frequency handover or \[Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index\] for
inter-frequency handover.

##### 6.1C.2.2.3 Preparation time

T~CHO\_execution~ is the UE execution preparation time for conditional
handover, and starts after UE realizes the condition of CHO is met and
identity of the target cell is determined. T~CHO\_execution~ can be up
to 10 ms.

##### 6.1C.2.2.4 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between when the UE starts to execute
the conditional handover to the target cell and the time the UE starts
transmission of the new PRACH or PUSCH.

For intra-frequency or inter-frequency conditional handover, the
measurement time shall be less than

T~interrupt~ = T~processing~ + T~IU~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

\- T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to
20 ms.

\- T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first
available PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10ms. SSB to
PRACH occasion associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS
38.213 \[3\]. For combination of RACH-less handover with time-based
conditional handover, T~IU~ can be a configured grant based PUSCH,
dynamic grant based PUSCH, SR on PUCCH, according to NW configuration
and scheduling, or PRACH if no valid configured grant based PUSCH is
selected.

\- T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~Δ~ = T~rs~.

\- T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2
ms.

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR SAN cell if the UE has
been provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cellin the
handover command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the
*measObjectNR* having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If
the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this
frequency, the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms
assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no
requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5 ms. If the UE
has been provided with higher layer in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of
*smtc2* prior to the handover command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2*
according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.

NOTE 1: The actual value of T~IU~ shall depend upon the PRACH
configuration used in the target cell.

#### 6.1C.2.3 NR SAN FR1 -- NR SAN FR1 conditional handover without L3 measurement criteria

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency conditional handover from NR SAN FR1 cell to NR SAN
FR1 cell without L3 measurement criteria. The requirements in this
clause apply provided that UE has the valid and applicable parameters of
ephemeris information, common TA, DL and UL Polarization information,
K~offset~, and K~mac~ for target NR SAN cell during D~CHO~, otherwise
preparation time and interruption time may be longer than the
requirements in clauses 6.1C.2.3.2, 6.1C.2.3.3.

##### 6.1C.2.3.1 Handover delay

Procedure delays for all procedures that can command a conditional
handover are specified in TS 38.331 \[2\]. UE is allowed to execute
time-based and location-based conditional handover without RRM
measurement once the time or distance condition is met, the
time/distance condition is defined in clause 5.5.4 in TS 38.331\[2\]

When the UE receives a RRC message implying conditional handover the UE
shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel
or PUSCH channel within D~CHO~ seconds from the end of the last TTI
containing the RRC command.

D~CHO~ = T~RRC~ + *T~Event\_DU~ +* T~interrupt~ + T~CHO\_execution~

Where:

**- T~RRC~** is the RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in
TS 38.331 \[2\].

For time-based conditional handover:

*-* T~Event\_DU~ is the delay uncertainty which is the time from when
the UE successfully decodes a conditional handover command until
condition T1-1 is fulfilled which will trigger the conditional handover

For location-based conditional handover:

*-* T~Event*\_*DU~ is the delay uncertainty which is the time from when
the UE successfully decodes a conditional handover command until both
entering conditions are fulfilled which will trigger the conditional
handover. If both source cell and target cell are quasi-Earth fixed
cells, entering conditions correspond to condition D1-1 and condition
D1-2. If both source cell and target cell are moving cells, entering
conditions correspond to condition D2-1 and condition D2-2.

> \- T~CHO\_execution~ is the UE conditional execution preparation time
> for conditional handover in clause 6.1C.2.3.2.

**- T~interrupt~** is the interruption time stated in clause 6.1C.2.3.3.

##### 6.1C.2.3.2 Preparation time

T~CHO\_execution~ is the UE execution preparation time for conditional
handover, and starts after UE realizes the condition of CHO is met and
identity of the target cell is determined. T~CHO\_execution~ can be up
to 10 ms.

##### 6.1C.2.3.3 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between when the UE starts to execute
the conditional handover to the target cell and the time the UE starts
transmission of the new PRACH or PUSCH.

For intra-frequency or inter-frequency conditional handover, the
measurement time shall be less than

T~interrupt~ = T~processing~ + T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

\- T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to
20 ms.

\- T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell when the
target cell is not already known when the conditional handover command
is received by the UE. If the target cell is known, then T~search~ = 0
ms. If the target cell is an unknown intra-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ = T~rs~ ms. If the target cell is an
unknown inter-frequency cell and the target cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then
T~search~ = 3\* T~rs~ ms.

\- T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first
available PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10ms. SSB to
PRACH occasion associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS
38.213 \[3\]. For combination of RACH-less handover with time-based
conditional handover, T~IU~ can be a configured grant based PUSCH,
dynamic grant based PUSCH, SR on PUCCH, according to NW configuration
and scheduling, or PRACH if no valid configured grant based PUSCH is
selected.

\- T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~Δ~ = T~rs~.

\- T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2
ms.

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR SAN cell if the UE has
been provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cellin the
handover command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the
*measObjectNR* having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If
the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this
frequency, the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms
assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no
requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5 ms. If the UE
has been provided with higher layer in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of
*smtc2* prior to the handover command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2*
according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.

NOTE 1: The actual value of T~IU~ shall depend upon the PRACH
configuration used in the target cell.

#### 6.1C.2.4 NR SAN FR2-NTN -- NR SAN FR2-NTN conditional handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency conditional handover from NR SAN FR2-NTN cell to NR
SAN FR2-NTN cell, when the serving cell and the target cell are served
by the same satellite.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that UE has the valid and
applicable parameters of ephemeris information, common TA, DL and UL
Polarization information, K~offset~, and K~mac~ for target NR SAN cell
during D~CHO~, otherwise the measurement time, preparation time and
interruption time may be longer than the requirements in clauses
6.1C.2.2.2, 6.1C.2.2.3 and 6.1C.2.2.4.

The requirements in this clause 6.1C.2.2 shall apply.

### 6.1C.3 NR SAN Satellite switching with re-synchronization

#### 6.1C.3.1 Introduction

The purpose of NR SAN Satellite switching with re-synchronization is to
switch satellite in the same SSB frequency and same gNB without PCI
changing. The requirements in this clause are applicable to SA NR SAN.

#### 6.1C.3.2 NR SAN FR1 -- NR SAN FR1 Satellite switching with re-synchronization

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both hard and soft
switch over quasi-earth fixed scenario from NR SAN FR1 cell to NR SAN
FR1 cell. The requirements in this clause apply provided that UE has the
valid and applicable parameters of ephemeris information, common TA, DL
and UL Polarization information, K~offset~, and K~mac~ for target NR SAN
cell during D~switch\_unchangedPCI~, otherwise interruption time may be
longer than the requirements in clause 6.1C.3.2.2 for hard satellite
switch and satellite switch delay may be longer than the requirements in
clause 6.1C.3.2.3 for soft satellite switch.

Requirements for soft satellite switching are applicable for UEs that
support *softSatelliteSwitchResyncNTN-r18* \[14\] when network
configures soft satellite switching with resynchronization \[2\].

Requirements for hard satellite switching are applicable for UEs that
support *hardSatelliteSwitchResyncNTN-r18* or
*softSatelliteSwitchResyncNTN-r18* \[14\] when the network configures
hard satellite switching with resynchronization \[2\]; or for UEs that
support *hardSatelliteSwitchResyncNTN-r18* but do not support
*softSatelliteSwitchResyncNTN-r18* when the network configures soft
satellite switching with resynchronization.

##### 6.1C.3.2.1 Satellite switching delay

When the UE receives a broadcast message implying satellite switching
within re-synchronization, the UE shall be ready to start the
transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel or transmission of the new
uplink PUSCH channel within D~switch\_unchangedPCI~ msec.

Where:

\- D~switch\_unchangedPCI~ equals to the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1C.3.2.2 for hard satellite switch and satellite switch delay
stated in clause 6.1C.3.2.3 for soft satellite switch.

##### 6.1C.3.2.2 Interruption time for hard satellite switch with re-sync

The interruption time is the time between *t-service* and the time when
the UE is ready to receive any DL channel/signal and transmit any UL
channel/signal from/to the target satellite.

When intra-frequency hard switch to NR SAN cell is commanded,

the interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Otherwise, no interruption time requirement is applied.

Where:

\- T~search~ is the time required to search the target NR SAN cell
assuming the target cell is not already known when UE starts
synchronizing with target satellite. If the target cell Es/Iot ≥ -2 dB,
then T~search~ = T~first\_SSB~ ms. Regardless of whether DRX is in use
by the UE, T~search~ shall still be based on non-DRX target cell search
times.

\- T~∆~ is same as the one defined in section 6.1C.1.2.2.1.

\- T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to
10 ms.

\- T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2
ms.

\- T~first\_SSB~ is the time to the end of the first complete SSB burst
of target satellite, the location of which is determined by the
periodicity and location of SSB of the source satellite, and if
*ssb-TimeOffset* is configured, the *ssb-TimeOffset* and the difference
between propagation delay of the serving satellite and the target
satellite counted from the *SSB-TimeOffset* reference point as defined
in TS 38.331 \[2\] to UE.

UE is allowed to skip measurements for other cells and satellites than
the target satellite and source satellite from *T-service* until the
satellite switch completion.

6.1C.3.2.3 Satellite switch delay for soft satellite switch with re-sync

The Satellite switch delay is from *t-serviceStart* to the time instance
when UE is ready to receive any DL channel/signal and transmit any UL
channel/signal from/to the target satellite.

When intra-frequency soft switch to NR SAN cell is commanded,

the satellite switch time shall be less than T~soft\_switch~

T~soft\_switch~ = max(*t-service*-*t-seviceStart*, T~search~ + T~∆~ +
T~margin~) + T~processing~ ms

Where:

\- T~search~ is the time required to search the target NR SAN cell
assuming the target cell is not already known when the handover command
is received by the UE. If the target cell Es/Iot ≥ -2 dB, then T~search~
= T~first\_SSB~ ms. Regardless of whether DRX is in use by the UE,
T~search~ shall still be based on non-DRX target cell search times.

\- T~∆~ is same as the one defined in section 6.1C.2.2.2.1.

\- T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to
10 ms.

\- T~margin~ is same as the one defined in section 6.1C.2.2.2.1.

\- T~first\_SSB~ is the time to the end of the first complete SSB burst
of target satellite, the location of which is determined by the
periodicity and location of SSB of the source satellite, the
*ssb-TimeOffset* and the difference between propagation delay of the
serving satellite and the target satellite counted from *SSB-TimeOffset*
reference point as defined in 38.331 \[2\] to UE.

During the time period from *t-seviceStart* to *t-service*, scheduling
restriction as defined in clause 9.2C.5.3 is allowed, with the exception
that the locations of SSB symbols of target satellite where scheduling
restriction applies are determined by the periodicity and location of
SSB of the source satellite, the *ssb-TimeOffset* and the difference
between propagation delay of the serving satellite and the target
satellite counted from the *SSB-TimeOffset* reference point as defined
in TS 38.331 \[2\] to UE.

UE is allowed to skip measurements for other cells and satellites than
the target satellite and source satellite from *t-seviceStart* to the
satellite switch completion.

The requirement in this clause applies and UE is required to keep the
connection (DL and UL) with the source NGSO satellite, under the
following conditions:

\- SSBs from the two satellites are spaced apart from each other at
least by 1 OFDM symbol in the time domain at UE Rx side.

6.1D Handover for RedCap
------------------------

### 6.1D.1 NR Handover

#### 6.1D.1.1 Introduction

The purpose of NR handover is to change the NR PCell to another NR cell
for RedCap UE. The requirements in this clause are applicable to SA NR.

Handover for a RedCap UE is defined as intra-frequency handover if the
center frequency and subcarrier spacing (SCS) of the reference SSB of
the serving cell is same as the center frequency and SCS of
the reference SSB of the target cell, where:

\- The reference SSB of the serving cell is the SSB in the active DL BWP
of serving cell

\- The reference SSB of the target cell is the SSB in the first active
DL BWP of the target cell upon reconfiguration.

The requirements in this clause apply for the following handover
scenarios:

\- Handover to a target cell's DL BWP associated with CD-SSB;

\- Handover to a target cell's Redcap specific DL BWP associated with
NCD-SSB with RACH on the corresponding Redcap specific UL BWP.

#### 6.1D.1.2 NR FR1 - NR FR1 Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency handovers from NR FR1 cell to NR FR1 cell.

##### 6.1D.1.2.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover~ msec from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC
command.

Where:

D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in clause
12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1D.1.2.2.

##### 6.1D.1.2.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency handover is commanded, the
interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell which depends
on whether the target cell is already known when the handover command is
received by the UE.

\- If the target cell is a known intra-frequency cell, T~search~ = 0 ms.
If the target cell is an unknown intra-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ = 1\*T~rs~ ms if UE is capable of 2 Rx
antennas; T~search~ = 2\*T~rs~ ms if UE is only required to support 1 Rx
antenna.

> \- If the target cell is a known inter-frequency cell, then
>
> if the measured SSB is the target SSB for HO of the target cell,
> T~search~ = 0 ms;
>
> if the measured SSB and the target SSB for HO belong to the same NR
> target cell , T~search~ = T~rs~ ms provided one of the following
> conditions is fulfilled:

-   The measured SSB is the CD-SSB in the DL BWP and the target SSB for
    HO is the NCD-SSB in RedCap specific DL BWP, or

-   The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB in RedCap specific DL BWP and the
    target SSB for HO is the CD-SSB in DL BWP, or

-   The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB and the target SSB for HO is the
    NCD-SSB and both are within different RedCap specific DL BWPs

> If the target cell is an unknown inter-frequency celland if the target
> cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ = 3\* T~rs~ ms if the UE is
> operating with 2 Rx antennas; T~search~ = 5\*T~rs~ ms if UE is
> operating with only 1 Rx antenna.

Regardless of whether DRX is in use by the UE, T~search~ shall still be
based on non-DRX target cell search times.

> T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
> information of the target cell. T~∆~ = T~rs~ for both known and
> unknown target cell.

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to 20
ms.

T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2 ms.

> T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first available
> PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the summation of
> SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH
> occasion associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213
> \[3\].
>
> T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has been
> provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in the
> handover command, otherwise,

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR having the same SSB
frequency and subcarrier spacing as NCD-SSB indicated by
nonCellDefiningSSB-r17 if the first active DL BWP included in handover
command is configured with *nonCellDefiningSSB-r17, otherwise, as*
CD-SSB indicated by *absoluteFrequencySSB* in *frequencyInfoDL in
handover command.*

\- If the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on
this frequency, the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5
ms assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no
requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5 ms. If the UE
has been provided with higher layer in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of
*smtc2* prior to the handover command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2*
according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.

For RedCap UE with HD-FDD, the handover requirements are met provided
that

\- SSB is available at the UE once every SMTC period during T~search~

\- One SSB is available during T~∆~

\- One SSB is available during T~IU.~

In FR1, the target cell is known if it has been meeting the following
conditions:

\- At least one of the SSBs measured belongs to the same NR target cell,

\- During the last 5 seconds before the reception of the handover
command:

\- at least one of the SSBs measured which belongs to the same NR target
cell remains detectable according to the cell identification
requirements as described in clause 9.2B for intra-frequency
measurements and clause 9.3B for inter-frequency measurements,

> \- The reference SSB of the NR target cell also remains detectable
> during the handover delay according to the cell identification
> requirements are described in clause 9.2B for intra-frequency handover
> and clause 9.3B for inter-frequency handover.

Otherwise, it is unknown.

#### 6.1D.1.3 NR FR2- NR FR2 Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency handovers from NR FR2 cell to NR FR2 cell.

##### 6.1D.1.3.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover the UE shall be
ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel within
D~handover~ msec from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC
command.

Where:

D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in clause
12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1D.1.3.2.

##### 6.1D.1.3.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency handover is commanded, the
interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

> T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell which depends
> on whether the target cell is already known when the handover command
> is received by the UE.

\- If the target cell is a known intra-frequency cell, T~search~ = 0 ms.
If the target cell is an unknown intra-frequency cell and the target
cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ = N\*T~rs~ ms, where N = 8.

> \- If the target cell is a known inter-frequency cell, then
>
> if the measured SSB is the target SSB for HO of the target cell,
> T~search~ = 0 ms;
>
> if the measured SSB and the target SSB for HO belong to the same NR
> target cell, T~search~ = T~rs~ ms provided one of the following
> conditions is fulfilled:

-   The measured SSB is the CD-SSB in the DL BWP and the target SSB for
    HO is the NCD-SSB in RedCap specific DL BWP, or

-   The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB in RedCap specific DL BWP and the
    target SSB for HO is the CD-SSB in DL BWP, or

-   The measured SSB is the NCD-SSB and the target SSB for HO is the
    NCD-SSB and both are within different RedCap specific DL BWPs

> Otherwise, the target cell is an unknown inter-frequency cell. In this
> case, if the target cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ = 3\*N\* T~rs~
> ms.

Regardless of whether DRX is in use by the UE, T~search~ shall still be
based on non-DRX target cell search times.

> T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
> information of the target cell. T~∆~ = T~rs~ for both known and
> unknown target cell.

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to 20
ms.

T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2 ms.

> T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first available
> PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the summation of
> SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH
> occasion associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213
> \[3\].
>
> T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has been
> provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cellin the handover
> command, otherwise,

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the measObjectNR having the same SSB
frequency and subcarrier spacing as NCD-SSB indicated by
*nonCellDefiningSSB-r17* if the first active DL BWP included in handover
command is configured with *nonCellDefiningSSB-r17, otherwise, as*
CD-SSB indicated by *absoluteFrequencySSB* in *frequencyInfoDL in
handover command.*

\- If the UE is not provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on
this frequency, the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5
ms assuming the SSB transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no
requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is not 5 ms. If the UE
has been provided with higher layer in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of
*smtc2* prior to the handover command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2*
according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.

In FR2, the target cell is known if it has been meeting the following
conditions:

\- At least one of the SSBs measured belongs to the same NR target cell,

\- During the last 5 seconds before the reception of the handover
command:

\- the UE has sent a valid measurement report for the target cell and

\- at least one of the SSBs measured which belongs to the same NR target
cell remains detectable according to the cell identification
requirements as described in clause 9.2B for intra-frequency
measurements and clause 9.3B for inter-frequency measurements,

\- The reference SSB of the NR target cell also remains detectable
during the handover delay according to the cell identification
requirements are described in clause 9.2B for intra-frequency handover
and clause 9.3B for inter-frequency handover.

Otherwise, it is unknown.

### 6.1D.2 NR Handover to other RATs

#### 6.1D.2.1 NR -- E-UTRAN Handover

The purpose of inter-RAT handover from NR to E-UTRAN is to change the
radio access mode of PCell from NR to E-UTRAN for RedCap UE. The
handover procedure is initiated from NR with a RRC message that implies
a handover as described in TS 38.331 \[2\]. The requirements in this
clause are applicable to SA NR.

The requirements in clause 6.1.2.1 shall apply when RedCap UE is capable
of 2 Rx. When UE is only required to support 1 Rx antenna, the
requirements for category 1bis UE defined in clause 5.1.2 in \[15\]
shall apply.

6.1E Handover for ATG
---------------------

### 6.1E.1 NR Handover

#### 6.1E.1.1 Introduction

The purpose of NR handover for NR ATG is to change the NR PCell to
another NR cell. The requirements in this clause are applicable to SA NR
ATG.

#### 6.1E.1.2 NR FR1 - NR FR1 Handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency handovers from NR FR1 cell to NR FR1 cell.

##### 6.1E.1.2.1 Handover delay

When the UE receives a RRC message implying handover to NR cell, the UE
shall be ready to start the transmission of the new uplink PRACH channel
within D~handover~ msec from the end of the last TTI containing the RRC
command.

Where:

D~handover~ equals the applicable RRC procedure delay defined in clause
12 in TS 38.331 \[2\] plus the interruption time stated in
clause 6.1E.1.2.2.

##### 6.1E.1.2.2 Interruption time

The interruption time is the time between end of the last TTI containing
the RRC command on the old PDSCH and the time the UE starts transmission
of the new PRACH, excluding the RRC procedure delay.

When intra-frequency or inter-frequency handover to NR cell is
commanded, the interruption time shall be less than T~interrupt~

T~interrupt~ = T~search~ + T~IU~ + T~processing~ + T~∆~ + T~margin~ ms

Where:

T~search~ is the time required to search the target cell when the target
cell is not already known when the handover command is received by the
UE. If the target cell is known, then T~search~ = 0 ms. If the target
cell is an unknown intra-frequency cell and the target cell Es/Iot≥-2
dB, then T~search~ = N\*T~rs~ ms. If the target cell is an unknown
inter-frequency cell and the target cell Es/Iot≥-2 dB, then T~search~ =
3\* N\*T~rs~ ms. Regardless of whether DRX is in use by the UE,
T~search~ shall still be based on non-DRX target cell search times.

For ATG UE capable of *antennaArrayType-r18*,

\- When network assistance on ATG cells reference location of the target
cell is provided to UE, N = 2;

\- Otherwise, N = 4.

\- Otherwise, N=1

T~∆~ is time for fine time tracking and acquiring full timing
information of the target cell. T~∆~ = T~rs~ for both known and unknown
target cell.

T~processing~ is time for UE processing. T~processing~ can be up to 20
ms.

T~margin~ is time for SSB post-processing. T~margin~ can be up to 2 ms.

T~IU~ is the interruption uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the new cell. T~IU~ can be up to the summation of SSB
to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH occasion
associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\].

T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in the handover
command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC configured in the *measObjectNR*
having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing. If the UE is not
provided SMTC configuration or measurement object on this frequency, the
requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~=5 ms assuming the SSB
transmission periodicity is 5 ms. There is no requirement if the SSB
transmission periodicity is not 5 ms. If the UE has been provided with
higher layer in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of *smtc2* prior to the
handover command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2* according to the
physical cell ID of the target cell.

In the interruption requirement a cell is known if it has been meeting
the relevant cell identification requirement during the last 5 seconds
otherwise it is unknown. Relevant cell identification requirements are
described in clause 9.2D.5 for intra-frequency handover and
clause 9.3D.4 for inter-frequency handover.

### 6.1E.2 NR Conditional Handover

#### 6.1E.2.1 Introduction

The requirements in this clause are applicable to conditional handover
to change the NR PCell to another NR cell for NR ATG.

#### 6.1E.2.2 NR FR1 -- NR FR1 conditional handover

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency conditional handover from NR FR1 cell to NR FR1
cell. When the *condEventD1* is configured to UE, the requirements in
this clause apply provided that UE has the valid and applicable
parameters of BS location information and K~offset~ for target NR cell
during D~CHO~, otherwise the measurement time, preparation time and
interruption time may be longer than the requirements in clause
6.1E.2.2.2, 6.1E.2.2.3 and 6.1E.2.2.4.

##### 6.1E.2.2.1 Handover delay

Procedure delays for all procedures that can command a conditional
handover are specified in TS 38.331 \[2\]. UE shall start RRM
measurement before the distance condition is met if the *condEventD1* is
configured to UE, the distance condition is defined in clause 5.5.4 in
TS 38.331\[2\]. When the UE receives a RRC message implying conditional
handover the UE shall be ready to start the transmission of the new
uplink PRACH channel within D~CHO~ seconds from the end of the last TTI
containing the RRC command.

D~CHO~ = T~RRC~ + *T~Event\_DU~ +* T~measure~ + T~interrupt~ +
T~CHO\_execution~

Where:

**T~RRC~** is the RRC procedure delay defined in clause 12 in
TS 38.331 \[2\].

*T~Event\_DU~* is the delay uncertainty which is the time from when the
UE successfully decodes a conditional handover command until a condition
exists at the measurement reference point which will trigger the
conditional handover.

**T~measure~** is the measurements time stated in clause 6.1E.2.2.2.

T~CHO\_execution~ is the conditional execution preparation time in
clause 6.1E.2.2.3.

**T~interrupt~** is the interruption time stated in clause 6.1E.2.2.4.

The conditional handover delay requirements are applied if both
condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled before the end of
T~measure~ for location-based CHO, otherwise no CHO requirement is
applied.

##### 6.1E.2.2.2 Measurement time

The measurement time delay is defined from the end of *T~Event\_DU~*
until UE executes a handover to a target cell and interruption time
starts.

For intra-frequency handover, the measurement time delay measured
without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
Tidentify\_intra with index or Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index defined
in clause 9.2D.5.1 or clause 9.2D.6.2.

For location-based conditional intra-frequency handover:

\- If both condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled earlier than
the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, then the measurement
time delay equals to T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or
T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~ assuming UE only performs
measurements within SMTC window of the target cell.

\- If both condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled later than
the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_with\_index~ or
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_intra\_without\_index~, then the measurement
time delay equals to the time from the end of T~Event\_DU~ until time
when both condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled.

For inter-frequency handover, the measurement time delay measured
without Time To Trigger (TTT) and L3 filtering shall be less than
Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index or Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index
defined in clause 9.3D.4.

For location-based conditional inter-frequency handover:

\- If both condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled earlier than
the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, then the measurement
time delay equals to T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, assuming that the UE uses only the
SMTC window of the target inter-frequency carrier for performing the
measurements. 

\- If both condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled later than
the time at the end of T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_with\_index~ or
T~Event\_DU~ + T~identify\_inter\_without\_index~, then the measurement
time delay equals to the time from the end of T~Event\_DU~ until time
when condition D1-1 and condition D1-2 are fulfilled.

When TTT or L3 filtering is used an additional delay can be expected.

A cell is detectable only if at least one SSB measured from the cell
being configured remains detectable during the time period
Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for
intra-frequency handover or Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index for inter-frequency handover. If a cell
which has been detectable at least for the time period
Tidentify\_intra\_without\_index or Tidentify\_intra\_with\_index for
intra-frequency handover or Tidentify\_inter\_without\_index or
Tidentify\_inter\_with\_index for inter-frequency handover becomes
undetectable for a period and then the cell becomes detectable again and
triggers a handover, the measurement time delay shall be less than
TSSB\_measurement\_period\_intra or TSSB\_measurement\_period\_inter
provided the timing to that cell has not changed more than ±
3200/$2^{µ}$ Tc while the measurement gap has not been available and the
L3 filter has not been used, where *µ* is the SCS configuration as
defined in clause 4.2 of TS 38.211 \[3\]. When L3 filtering is used, an
additional delay can be expected.

##### 6.1E.2.2.3 Preparation time

The requirements in clause 6.1.4.2.3 shall apply.

##### 6.1E.2.2.4 Interruption time

The requirements in clause 6.1.4.2.4 shall apply.

6.2 RRC Connection Mobility Control
-----------------------------------

### 6.2.1 SA: RRC Re-establishment

#### 6.2.1.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the UE regarding RRC connection
re-establishment procedure. RRC connection re-establishment is initiated
when a UE in RRC\_CONNECTED state on the carrier without CCA or on the
carrier with CCA loses RRC connection due to any of failure cases,
including radio link failure, handover failure, and RRC connection
reconfiguration failure. The RRC connection re-establishment procedure
is specified in clause 5.3.7 of TS 38.331 \[2\].

The requirements in this clause are applicable for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR cell.

#### 6.2.1.2 Requirements

In RRC\_CONNECTED state the UE shall be capable of sending
*RRCReestablishmentRequest* message within T~re-establish\_delay~
seconds from the moment it detects a loss in RRC connection. The total
RRC connection delay (T~re-establish\_delay~) shall be less than:

$$T_{re - establish\_ delay} = T_{UE\_ re - establish\_ delay} + T_{UL\_ grant}$$

T~UL\_grant~: It is the time required to acquire and process uplink
grant from the target PCell. The uplink grant is required to transmit
*RRCReestablishmentRequest* message.

The UE re-establishment delay (T~UE\_re-establish\_delay~) is specified
in clause 6.2.1.2.1.

##### 6.2.1.2.1 UE Re-establishment delay requirement {#ue-re-establishment-delay-requirement .Header-5}

The UE re-establishment delay (T~UE\_re-establish\_delay~) is the time
between the moments when any of the conditions requiring RRC
re-establishment as defined in clause 5.3.7 in TS 38.331 \[2\] is
detected by the UE and when the UE sends PRACH to the target PCell. The
UE re-establishment delay (T~UE\_re-establish\_delay~) requirement shall
be less than:

$$T_{UE\_ re - establish\_ delay} = 50\ ms + T_{identify\_ intra\_ NR} + \sum_{i = 1}^{N_{\text{freq}} - 1}T_{identify\_ inter\_ NR,i} + T_{SI - NR} + T_{\text{PRACH}}$$

The intra-frequency target NR cell shall be considered detectable if
each relevant SSB can satisfy that:

\- SS-RSRP related side conditions given in clauses 10.1.2 and 10.1.3
are fulfilled for a corresponding NR Band for FR1 and FR2, respectively,
and

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.2 for
a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

The inter-frequency target NR cell shall be considered detectable when
for each relevant SSB:

\- SS-RSRP related side conditions given in clauses 10.1.4 and 10.1.5
are fulfilled for a corresponding NR Band for FR1 and FR2, respectively,
and

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.3 for
a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

T~identify\_intra\_NR~: It is the time to identify the target
intra-frequency NR cell and it depends on whether the target NR cell is
known cell or unknown cell and on the FR of the target NR cell. If the
UE is not configured with intra-frequency NR carrier for RRC
re-establishment then T~identify\_intra\_NR~=0; otherwise
T~identify\_intra\_NR~ shall not exceed the values defined in table
6.2.1.2.1-1 when *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* is not configured or UE is
not capable of FR2 power class 6 and table 6.2.1.2.1-3 when
*highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* is configured and UE is capable of FR2 power
class 6.

T~identify\_inter\_NR,i~: It is the time to identify the target
inter-frequency NR cell on inter-frequency carrier *i* configured for
RRC re-establishment and it depends on whether the target NR cell is
known cell or unknown cell and on the FR of the target NR cell.
T~identify\_inter\_NR,i~ shall not exceed the values defined in table
6.2.1.2.1-2.

T~SMTC~: It is the periodicity of the SMTC occasion configured for the
intra-frequency carrier. If the UE has been provided with higher layer
in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of *smtc2*, T~smtc~ follows *smtc1* or
*smtc2* according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.

T~SMTC,i~: It is the periodicity of the SMTC occasion configured for the
inter-frequency carrier *i*. If it is not configured, the UE may assume
that the target SSB periodicity is no larger than 20 ms.

T~SI-NR~: It is the time required for receiving all the relevant system
information according to the reception procedure and the RRC procedure
delay of system information blocks defined in TS 38.331 \[2\] for the
target NR cell.

T~PRACH:~ It is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the target NR cell. T~PRACH~ can be up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to
PRACH occasion associated period is defined in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213
\[3\].

*N~freq~*: It is the total number of NR frequencies to be monitored for
RRC re-establishment; N~freq~ = 1 if the target intra-frequency NR cell
is known, else N~freq~ = 2 and T~identify\_intra\_NR~ = 0 if the target
inter-frequency NR cell is known.

There is no requirement if the target cell does not contain the UE
context.

In the requirement defined in the below tables, the target FR1 cell is
known if it has been meeting the relevant cell identification
requirement during the last 5 seconds otherwise it is unknown.

Table 6.2.1.2.1-1: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR intra-frequency cell

  Serving cell                                                                                                                                           FR of target NR   T~identify\_intra\_NR~ \[ms\]   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------- ------------------------------- -------------------------------
  SSB Ês/Iot (dB)                                                                                                                                        cell              Known NR cell                   Unknown NR cell
  ≥ -8                                                                                                                                                   FR1               MAX (200 ms, 5 x T~SMTC~)       MAX (800 ms, 10 x T~SMTC~)
  ≥ -8                                                                                                                                                   FR2-1             N/A                             MAX (1000 ms, 80 x T~SMTC~))
  ≥ -8                                                                                                                                                   FR2-2             N/A                             MAX (1000 ms, 120 x T~SMTC~))
  \< -8                                                                                                                                                  FR1               N/A                             800^Note1^
  \< -8                                                                                                                                                  FR2-1             N/A                             3520^Note1^
  \< -8                                                                                                                                                  FR2-2             N/A                             5280^Note1^
  NOTE 1: The UE is not required to successfully identify a cell on any NR frequency layer when T~SMTC~ \> 20 ms and serving cell SSB Ês/Iot \< -8 dB.                                                     

Table 6.2.1.2.1-2: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR inter-frequency cell

  Serving cell SSB Ês/Iot (dB)                                                                                                                             FR of target NR cell   T~identify\_inter\_NR,\ i~ \[ms\]   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Known NR cell                       Unknown NR cell
  ≥ -8                                                                                                                                                     FR1                    MAX (200 ms, 6 x T~SMTC,\ i~)       MAX (800 ms, 13 x T~SMTC,\ i~)
  ≥ -8                                                                                                                                                     FR2-1                  N/A                                 MAX (1000 ms, 104 x T~SMTC,\ i~))
  ≥ -8                                                                                                                                                     FR2-2                  N/A                                 MAX (1000 ms, 156 x T~SMTC,\ i~))
  \< -8                                                                                                                                                    FR1                    N/A                                 800^Note1^
  \< -8                                                                                                                                                    FR2-1                  N/A                                 4000^Note1^
  \< -8                                                                                                                                                    FR2-2                  N/A                                 6000 ^Note1^
  NOTE 1: The UE is not required to successfully identify a cell on any NR frequency layer when T~SMTC,i~ \> 20 ms and serving cell SSB Ês/Iot \< -8 dB.                                                              

Table 6.2.1.2.1-3: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR intra-frequency cell when
*highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* is configured (Frequency range FR2)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Serving cell   | FR of target   | T~identi       |                |
|                | NR             | fy\_intra\_NR~ |                |
|                |                | \[ms\]         |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| SSB Ês/Iot     | cell           | Known NR cell  | Unknown NR     |
| (dB)           |                |                | cell           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ≥ -8           | FR2            | N/A            | MAX (1000 ms,  |
|                |                |                | 10 xN2 x       |
|                |                |                | T~SMTC~))      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The UE |                |                |                |
| is not         |                |                |                |
| required to    |                |                |                |
| successfully   |                |                |                |
| identify a     |                |                |                |
| cell on any NR |                |                |                |
| frequency      |                |                |                |
| layer when     |                |                |                |
| T~SMTC~ \> 20  |                |                |                |
| ms and serving |                |                |                |
| cell SSB       |                |                |                |
| Ês/Iot \< -8   |                |                |                |
| dB.            |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: When   |                |                |                |
| SMTC \<= 40    |                |                |                |
| ms, N2=2 when  |                |                |                |
| *highSpeedMe   |                |                |                |
| asFlagFR2-r17* |                |                |                |
| = set1; N2=6   |                |                |                |
| when           |                |                |                |
| *highSpeedMe   |                |                |                |
| asFlagFR2-r17* |                |                |                |
| = set2.        |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

### 6.2.1A RRC Re-establishment with CCA

#### 6.2.1A.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the UE regarding RRC connection
re-establishment procedure on the carrier with CCA. RRC connection
re-establishment on the carrier with CCA is initiated when a UE in
RRC\_CONNECTED state on the carrier w/o or with CCA loses RRC connection
due to any of failure cases, including radio link failure, handover
failure, and RRC connection reconfiguration failure. The RRC connection
re-establishment procedure is specified in clause 5.3.7 of TS 38.331
\[2\].

In the requirements of clause 6.2.1A, the term SMTC occasion not
available at the UE refers to when the SMTC contains SSBs configured by
gNB in a cell on a carrier frequency subject to CCA, but the first two
successive candidate SSB positions for the same SSB index within the
discovery burst transmission window are not available at the UE due to
DL CCA failures at gNB during the corresponding RRC re-establishment
period; otherwise the SMTC occasion is considered as available at the
UE.

In the requirements of clause 6.2.1A, the term PRACH occasion
unavailable for transmission refers to when the PRACH occasion is
configured by gNB but not transmitted by the UE during the corresponding
period due to UL CCA failure at the UE; otherwise the PRACH occasion is
considered as available for transmission.

The requirements in this clause are applicable for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR cell on the carrier with CCA.

When the RRC connection re-establishment is performed on a cell in FR2-2
with shared spectrum channel access, UE shall determine the CCA mode of
the neighbour cell according to *channelAccessMode2-r17* if configured.
If *channelAccessMode2-r17* of the cell is enabled, UE shall assume that
CCA applies to the cell and perform measurement accordingly, and the
requirements in clause 6.2.1A shall apply; otherwise, UE shall assume
that CCA does not apply to the cell and perform measurement accordingly,
and requirements in clause 6.2.1 shall apply.

#### 6.2.1A.2 Requirements

In RRC\_CONNECTED state on the carrier w/o or with CCA the UE shall be
capable of sending *RRCReestablishmentRequest* message within
T~re-establish\_delay\_CCA~ seconds from the moment it detects a loss in
RRC connection. The total RRC connection delay
(T~re-establish\_delay\_CCA~) shall be less than:

$T_{\text{re} - \text{establish}\_\text{delay}\_\text{CCA}} = T_{\text{UE}\_\text{re} - \text{establish}\_\text{delay}\_\text{CCA}} + T_{\text{UL}\_\text{grant}}$

T~UL\_grant~: It is the time required to acquire and process uplink
grant from the target PCell with CCA. The uplink grant is required to
transmit *RRCReestablishmentRequest* message.

The UE re-establishment delay (T~UE\_re-establish\_delay\_CCA~) is
specified in clause 6.2.1A.2.1.

##### 6.2.1A.2.1 UE Re-establishment with CCA delay requirement

The UE re-establishment on the carrier with CCA delay
(T~UE\_re-establish\_delay\_CCA~) is the time between the moments when
any of the conditions requiring RRC re-establishment on the carrier with
CCA as defined in clause 5.3.7 in TS 38.331 \[2\] is detected by the UE
and when the UE sends PRACH to the target PCell on the carrier with CCA
. The UE re-establishment delay requirement
(T~UE\_re-establish\_delay\_CCA~) on the carrier with CCA shall be less
than:

$$T_{UE\_ re - establish\_ delay\_ CCA} = 50\ \text{ms} + T_{identify\_ intra\_ NR\_ CCA} + \sum_{i = 1}^{N_{\text{freq}} - 1}T_{identify\_ inter\_ NR\_ CCA,i} + T_{SI - NR\_ CCA} + T_{PRACH\_ CCA}$$

The intra-frequency target NR cell with CCA shall be considered
detectable if each relevant SSB can satisfy that:

\- SS-RSRP related side conditions given in clauses 10.1.2 and 10.1.3
are fulfilled for a corresponding NR Band for FR1 and FR2-2,
respectively, and

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.3 for
a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

The inter-frequency target NR cell on the carrier with CCA shall be
considered detectable when for each relevant SSB:

\- SS-RSRP related side conditions given in clauses 10.1.4 and 10.1.5
are fulfilled for a corresponding NR Band for FR1 and FR2-2,
respectively, and

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.2 for
a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

T~identify\_intra\_NR\_CCA~: If the target intra-frequency carrier is
the carrier without CCA, it is the time to identify the target
intra-frequency NR cell which is defined in clause 6.2.1; otherwise it
is the time to identify the target intra-frequency NR cell on the
carrier with CCA and it depends on whether the target NR cell on the
carrier with CCA is known cell or unknown cell and on the frequency
range (FR) of the target NR cell on the carrier with CCA. If the UE is
not configured with intra-frequency NR carrier with CCA for RRC
re-establishment then T~identify\_intra\_NR\_CCA~=0; otherwise
T~identify\_intra\_NR\_CCA~ shall not exceed the values defined in table
6.2.1A.2.1-1.

T~identify\_inter\_NR\_CCA,i~: If the target inter-frequency carrier is
the carrier without CCA, it is the time to identify the target
inter-frequency NR cell which is defined in clause 6.2.1; otherwise it
is the time to identify the target inter-frequency NR cell on
inter-frequency carrier *i* with CCA configured for RRC re-establishment
and it depends on whether the target NR cell on the inter-frequency
carrier with CCA is known or unknown. T~identify\_inter\_NR\_CCA,i~
shall not exceed the values defined in table 6.2.1A.2.1-2.

T~SMTC~: It is the periodicity of the SMTC occasion configured for the
intra-frequency carrier. If the UE has been provided with higher layer
in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of *smtc2*, T~smtc~ follows *smtc1* or
*smtc2* according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.

T~SMTC,i~: It is the periodicity of the SMTC occasion configured for the
inter-frequency carrier *i*. If it is not configured, the UE may assume
that the target SSB periodicity is not larger than 20 ms.

T~SI-NR\_CCA~: It is the time required for receiving all the relevant
system information according to the reception procedure and the RRC
procedure delay of system information blocks defined in TS 38.331 \[2\]
for the target NR cell on the carrier with CCA.

T~PRACH\_CCA~ is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the target NR Cell on the carrier with CCA:

T~PRACH\_CCA~ = (1+ **K~3~**)\*T~SSB,RO~ + 10 ms, where:

\- T~SSB,RO~ is the SSB to PRACH occasion association period as defined
in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[39\].

\- K~3~ is the number of consecutive SSB to PRACH occasion association
periods during which no PRACH occasion is available for PRACH
transmission due to UL CCA failure. K~3~ = 0 for Type 2C UL channel
access procedure as defined in TS 37.213 \[57\]. L~3~ = 0 if
*ra-ChannelAccess-r17* is not configured in FR2-2.

*N~freq~*: It is the total number of NR frequencies to be monitored for
RRC re-establishment; N~freq~ = 1 if the target NR cell on the
intra-frequency carrier with CCA is known, else N~freq~ = 2 and
T~identify\_intra\_NR\_CCA~ = 0 if the target NR cell on the
inter-frequency carrier with CCA is known.

There is no requirement if the target cell on the carrier with CCA does
not contain the UE context.

In the requirement defined in the below tables, the target FR1 cell on
the carrier with CCA is known if it has been meeting the relevant cell
identification requirement during the last 8 seconds otherwise it is
unknown.

Table 6.2.1A.2.1-1: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR intra-frequency cell with CCA

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Serving cell   | Frequency      | T~identify\_i  |                |
|                | range          | ntra\_NR\_CCA~ |                |
|                |                | \[ms\]         |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| SSB Ês/Iot     | (FR) of target | Known NR cell  | Unknown NR     |
| (dB)           | NR cell        |                | cell           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ≥ -8           | FR1            | MAX (200 ms,   | MAX (800 ms,   |
|                |                | (5+K~1~) x     | (10+ K~1~) x   |
|                |                | T~SMTC~)       | T~SMTC~)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ≥ -8           | FR2-2          | N/A            | MAX (1000 ms,  |
|                |                |                | N x (10+ K~3~) |
|                |                |                | x T~SMTC~)     |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| \< -8          | FR1            | N/A            | (800+20 x K~1~ |
|                |                |                | )^Note1^       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| \< -8          | FR2-2          | N/A            | N x (440+20 x  |
|                |                |                | K~3~ )^Note1^  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The UE |                |                |                |
| is not         |                |                |                |
| required to    |                |                |                |
| successfully   |                |                |                |
| identify a     |                |                |                |
| cell on any NR |                |                |                |
| frequency      |                |                |                |
| layer with CCA |                |                |                |
| when T~SMTC~   |                |                |                |
| \> 20 ms and   |                |                |                |
| serving cell   |                |                |                |
| SSB Ês/Iot \<  |                |                |                |
| -8 dB.         |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K~1~   |                |                |                |
| is the number  |                |                |                |
| of SMTC        |                |                |                |
| occasions not  |                |                |                |
| available at   |                |                |                |
| the UE during  |                |                |                |
| RRC            |                |                |                |
| re             |                |                |                |
| -establishment |                |                |                |
| period on the  |                |                |                |
| carrier with   |                |                |                |
| CCA.           |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: K~3~   |                |                |                |
| is the number  |                |                |                |
| of SMTC        |                |                |                |
| occasion       |                |                |                |
| groups not     |                |                |                |
| available at   |                |                |                |
| the UE during  |                |                |                |
| RRC            |                |                |                |
| re             |                |                |                |
| -establishment |                |                |                |
| period on the  |                |                |                |
| carrier with   |                |                |                |
| CCA. An SMTC   |                |                |                |
| occasion group |                |                |                |
| consists of N  |                |                |                |
| consecutive    |                |                |                |
| SMTC           |                |                |                |
| occasions. An  |                |                |                |
| SMTC occasion  |                |                |                |
| group is not   |                |                |                |
| available,     |                |                |                |
| when at least  |                |                |                |
| one SMTC       |                |                |                |
| occasion in    |                |                |                |
| the group is   |                |                |                |
| not            |                |                |                |
| transmitted by |                |                |                |
| the gNB. N is  |                |                |                |
| equal to 12.   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 6.2.1A.2.1-2: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR inter-frequency cell on the carrier with CCA

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Serving cell   | Frequency      | T~i            |                |
| SSB Ês/Iot     | range          | dentify\_inter |                |
| (dB)           |                | \_NR\_CCA,\ i~ |                |
|                |                | \[ms\]         |                |
+================+================+================+================+
|                | (FR) of target | Known NR cell  | Unknown NR     |
|                | NR cell        |                | cell           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ≥ -8           | FR1            | MAX (200 ms,   | MAX (800 ms,   |
|                |                | (\[6\]+K~2,i~) | (              |
|                |                | x T~SMTC,\ i~) | \[13\]+K~2,i~) |
|                |                |                | x T~SMTC,\ i~) |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| \< -8          | FR1            | N/A            | (800+20 x      |
|                |                |                | K~2,i~)        |
|                |                |                | ^Note1^        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The UE |                |                |                |
| is not         |                |                |                |
| required to    |                |                |                |
| successfully   |                |                |                |
| identify a     |                |                |                |
| cell on any NR |                |                |                |
| frequency      |                |                |                |
| layer with CCA |                |                |                |
| when T~SMTC,i~ |                |                |                |
| \> 20 ms and   |                |                |                |
| serving cell   |                |                |                |
| SSB Ês/Iot \<  |                |                |                |
| -8 dB.         |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: K~2,i~ |                |                |                |
| is the number  |                |                |                |
| of SMTC        |                |                |                |
| occasions not  |                |                |                |
| available at   |                |                |                |
| the UE during  |                |                |                |
| RRC            |                |                |                |
| re             |                |                |                |
| -establishment |                |                |                |
| period on the  |                |                |                |
| "i" th carrier |                |                |                |
| with CCA.      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

### 6.2.1B SA: RRC Re-establishment for RedCap

#### 6.2.1B.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the RedCap UE regarding RRC
connection re-establishment procedure.

A neighbour cell for RRC re-establishment procedures for a RedCap UE is
defined as an intra-frequency cell if the centre frequency and
subcarrier spacing (SCS) of the reference SSB of the serving cell is
same as the centre frequency and SCS of the reference SSB of the
neighbour cell; else it is considered as inter-frequency cell, where:

\- The reference SSB of the target cell is the CD-SSB of the target
cell.

\- The reference SSB of the serving cell is the CD-SSB of the serving
cell.

#### 6.2.1B.2 Requirements

The requirements in clause 6.2.1 shall apply when RedCap UE is capable
of 2 Rx. When UE is only required to support 1 Rx antenna, the
requirements defined in clause 6.2.1 shall apply except that:

\- T~identify\_intra\_NR~ as specified in table 6.2.1B.2-1.

\- T~identify\_inter\_NR,\ i~ as specified in table 6.2.1B.2-2.

Table 6.2.1B.2-1: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR intra-frequency cell

  Serving cell                                                                                                                                           FR of target NR   T~identify\_intra\_NR~ \[ms\]   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------- ------------------------------- --------------------------------
  SSB Ês/Iot (dB)                                                                                                                                        cell              Known NR cell                   Unknown NR cell
  ≥ -8                                                                                                                                                   FR1               MAX (200 ms, 6 x T~SMTC~)       MAX (800 ms, \[11\] x T~SMTC~)
  \< -8                                                                                                                                                  FR1               N/A                             800^Note1^
  NOTE 1: The UE is not required to successfully identify a cell on any NR frequency layer when T~SMTC~ \> 20 ms and serving cell SSB Ês/Iot \< -8 dB.                                                     

Table 6.2.1B.2-2: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR inter-frequency cell

  Serving cell SSB Ês/Iot (dB)                                                                                                                             FR of target NR cell   T~identify\_inter\_NR,\ i~ \[ms\]   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------- ------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                  Known NR cell                       Unknown NR cell
  ≥ -8                                                                                                                                                     FR1                    MAX (200 ms, 7 x T~SMTC,\ i~)       MAX (800 ms, \[14\] x T~SMTC,\ i~)
  \< -8                                                                                                                                                    FR1                    N/A                                 800^Note1^
  NOTE 1: The UE is not required to successfully identify a cell on any NR frequency layer when T~SMTC,i~ \> 20 ms and serving cell SSB Ês/Iot \< -8 dB.                                                              

When the Redcap specific initial BWP is configured for random access,
$T_{UE\_ re - establish\_ delay}$ in clause 6.2.1 is extended by 6 ms.

### 6.2.2 Random access

#### 6.2.2.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the UE regarding random access
procedure. The random access procedure is initiated to establish uplink
time synchronization for a UE which either has not acquired or has lost
its uplink synchronization, or to convey UE's request Other SI, or for
beam failure recovery. The random access is specified in clause 8 of TS
38.213 \[3\] and the control of the RACH transmission is specified in
clause 5.1 of TS 38.321 \[7\]. Two types of procedure are defined for
the random access, the 4-step RA type, and the 2-step RA type \[7\]. The
decision on which type of procedure to adopt is as described in clause
5.1.1 of TS 38.321 \[7\]. The requirements for the 4-step RA type
procedure are described in clause 6.2.2.2, whereas the requirements for
the 2-step RA type procedure are described in the clause 6.2.2.3 of this
specification.

#### 6.2.2.2 Requirements for 4-step RA type

The UE shall select the type of random access at initiation of the
random access procedure based on network configuration, as specified in
clause 5.1.1 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE shall have capability to calculate PRACH transmission power
according to the PRACH power formula defined in clause 7.4 of TS 38.213
\[3\] and apply this power level at the first preamble or additional
preambles. The absolute power applied to the first preamble shall have
an accuracy as specified in table 6.3.4.2-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[18\] for
FR1 and in table 6.3.4.2-1 of TS 38.101-2 \[19\] for FR2. The relative
power applied to additional preambles shall have an accuracy as
specified in table 6.3.4.3-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[18\] for FR1 and clause
6.3.4.3 of TS 38.101-2 \[19\] for FR2.

The UE shall indicate a random access problem to upper layers if the
maximum number of preamble transmission counter has been reached for the
random access procedure on PCell or PSCell as specified in clause 5.1.4
in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The requirements in this clause apply for UE in SA operation mode or any
MR-DC operation mode.

##### 6.2.2.2.1 Contention based random access

###### 6.2.2.2.1.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting Random Access Preamble

With the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB*, UE
shall have the capability to select a Random Access Preamble randomly
with equal probability from the Random Access Preambles associated with
the selected SSB if the association between Random Access Preambles and
SSB is configured, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

With the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB*, UE
shall have the capability to transmit Random Access Preamble on the next
available PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions corresponding to the
selected SSB permitted by the restrictions given by the
*ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, if the association between
PRACH occasions and SSBs is configured, and PRACH occasion shall be
randomly selected with equal probability amongst the selected SSB
associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously but on different
subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

###### 6.2.2.2.1.2 Correct behaviour when receiving Random Access Response

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s) and shall
transmit the msg3 if the Random Access Response contains a Random Access
Preamble identifier corresponding to the transmitted Random Access
Preamble.

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated PRACH transmission power when the backoff time expires if
all received Random Access Responses contain Random Access Preamble
identifiers that do not match the transmitted Random Access Preamble.

###### 6.2.2.2.1.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving Random Access Response

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated PRACH transmission power when the backoff time expires if
no Random Access Response is received within the RA Response window
defined in clause 5.1.4 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

###### 6.2.2.2.1.4 Correct behaviour when receiving an UL grant for msg3 retransmission

The UE shall re-transmit the msg3 upon the reception of UL grant for
msg3 retransmission.

###### 6.2.2.2.1.5 SA: Correct behaviour when receiving a message over Temporary C-RNTI

The UE shall send ACK if the Contention Resolution is successful.

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated PRACH transmission power when the backoff time expires
unless the received message includes a UE Contention Resolution Identity
MAC control element and the UE Contention Resolution Identity included
in the MAC control element matches the CCCH SDU transmitted in the
uplink message.

###### 6.2.2.2.1.6 Correct behaviour when contention Resolution timer expires

The UE shall re-select a preamble and transmit with the calculated PRACH
transmission power when the backoff time expires if the Contention
Resolution Timer expires.

##### 6.2.2.2.2 Non-Contention based random access

###### 6.2.2.2.2.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting Random Access Preamble

If the contention-free Random Access Resources and the contention-free
PRACH occasions associated with SSBs is configured, with the UE selected
SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB* amongst the associated SSBs,
UE shall have the capability to select the Random Access Preamble
corresponding to the selected SSB, and to transmit Random Access
Preamble on the next available PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions
corresponding to the selected SSB permitted by the restrictions given by
the *ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, and PRACH occasion shall
be randomly selected with equal probability amongst the selected SSB
associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously but on different
subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If the contention-free Random Access Resources and the contention-free
PRACH occasions associated with CSI-RSs is configured, with the UE
selected CSI-RS with CSI-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdCSI-RS* amongst the
associated CSI-RSs, UE shall have the capability to select the Random
Access Preamble corresponding to the selected CSI-RS, and to transmit
Random Access Preamble on the next available PRACH occasion from the
PRACH occasions in *ra-OccasionList* corresponding to the selected
CSI-RS, and PRACH occasion shall be randomly selected with equal
probability amongst the selected CSI-RS associated PRACH occasions
occurring simultaneously but on different subcarriers, as specified in
clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If the random access procedure is initialized for beam failure recovery
and if the contention-free Random Access Resources and the
contention-free PRACH occasions for beam failure recovery request
associated with any of the SSBs and/or CSI-RSs is configured, UE shall
have the capability to select the Random Access Preamble corresponding
to the selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB* amongst the
associated SSBs or the selected CSI-RS with CSI-RSRP above
*rsrp-ThresholdCSI-RS* amongst the associated CSI-RSs, and to transmit
Random Access Preamble on the next available PRACH occasion from the
PRACH occasions corresponding to the selected SSB permitted by the
restrictions given by the *ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, or
from the PRACH occasions in *ra-OccasionList* corresponding to the
selected CSI-RS, and PRACH occasion shall be randomly selected with
equal probability amongst the selected SSB associated PRACH occasions or
the selected CSI-RS associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously
but on different subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in
TS 38.321 \[7\].

###### 6.2.2.2.2.2 Correct behaviour when receiving Random Access Response

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s), if the Random
Access Response contains a Random Access Preamble identifier
corresponding to the transmitted Random Access Preamble, unless the
random access procedure is initialized for Other SI request from UE.

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s) and shall
monitor the Other SI transmission if the Random Access Response only
contains a Random Access Preamble identifier which is corresponding to
the transmitted Random Access Preamble and the random access procedure
is initialized for SI request from UE, as specified in clause 5.1.4 in
TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s), if the
contention-free Random Access Preamble for beam failure recovery request
was transmitted and if the PDCCH addressed to UE's C-RNTI is received,
as specified in clause 5.1.4 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion, and transmit the preamble with the calculated
PRACH transmission power if all received Random Access Responses contain
Random Access Preamble identifiers that do not match the transmitted
Random Access Preamble.

###### 6.2.2.2.2.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving Random Access Response

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion, and transmit the preamble with the calculated
PRACH transmission power, if no Random Access Response is received
within the RA Response window configured in *RACH-ConfigCommon* or if no
PDCCH addressed to UE's C-RNTI is received within the RA Response window
configured in *BeamFailureRecoveryConfig*, as defined in clause 5.1.4 in
TS 38.321 \[7\].

##### 6.2.2.2.3 UE behaviour when configured with supplementary UL

In addition to the requirements defined in clauses 6.2.2.2.1 and
6.2.2.2.2, a UE configured with supplementary UL carrier shall use RACH
configuration for the supplementary UL carrier contained in RMSI and RRC
dedicated signalling. If the cell for the random access procedure is
configured with supplementary UL, the UE shall transmit or re-transmit
PRACH preamble on the supplementary UL carrier if the SS-RSRP measured
by the UE on the DL carrier is lower than the *rsrp-ThresholdSSB-SUL* as
defined in TS 38.331 \[2\].

#### 6.2.2.3 Requirements for 2-step RA type

The UE shall select the type of random access at initiation of the
random access procedure based on network configuration, as specified in
clause 5.1.1 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE shall have capability to calculate MsgA PRACH transmission power
according to the PRACH power formula defined in clause 7.4 of TS 38.213
\[3\] and the MsgA PUSCH power formula of clause 7.1.1 of TS 38.213
\[3\] and apply this power level at the first MsgA or additional MsgA
repetitions. The absolute power applied to the first preamble shall have
an accuracy as specified in table 6.3.4.2-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[18\] for
frequency range 1 and in table 6.3.4.2-1 of TS 38.101-2 \[19\] for
frequency range 2. The relative power applied to additional preambles
shall have an accuracy as specified in table 6.3.4.3-1 of TS 38.101-1
\[18\] for frequency range 1 and clause 6.3.4.3 of TS 38.101-2 \[19\]
for frequency range 2.

The UE shall switch to 4-step RA type procedure if the MsgA transmission
counter has exceeded *msgA-TransMax*, if configured, as specified in
clause 5.1.4a of TS 38.321 \[7\]. The UE shall indicate a Random Access
problem to upper layers if the maximum number of preamble transmission
counter has been reached for the random access procedure on PCell or
PSCell as specified in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The requirements in this clause apply for UE in SA operation mode or any
MR-DC operation mode.

##### 6.2.2.3.1 Contention based random access

###### 6.2.2.3.1.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting MsgA

With the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *msgA-RSRP-ThresholdSSB*,
the UE shall have the capability to select a Random Access Preamble
randomly with equal probability from the Random Access Preambles
associated with the selected SSB if the association between Random
Access Preambles and SS blocks is configured, as specified in
clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

With the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *msgA-RSRP-ThresholdSSB*, UE
shall have the capability to transmit MsgA PRACH on the next available
PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions corresponding to the selected
SSB permitted by the restrictions given first by the
*msgA-SSB-SharedRO-MaskIndex* if configured, or next by the
*ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, if the association between
PRACH occasions and SSBs is configured.

The PRACH preamble and PRACH occasion shall be randomly selected with
equal probability amongst the selected SSB associated PRACH occasions
occurring simultaneously but on different subcarriers, as specified in
clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

In association with the MsgA PRACH, the UE shall be able to transmit
MsgA PUSCH on the corresponding PUSCH occasion associated with a DMRS
resource, which is mapped from the MsgA PRACH occasion and preamble
index as defined in clause 8.1A in TS 38.213 \[3\].

###### 6.2.2.3.1.2 Correct behaviour when receiving MsgB

The UE shall stop monitoring for MsgB, when the UE has successfully
received the PDCCH addressed to UE as specified in clause 8.2A in TS
38.213 \[3\] containing a successRAR MAC subPDU or a fallbackRAR MAC
subPDU as described in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE shall send ACK if Success RAR is received in MsgB and the
Contention Resolution is successful, as defined in clause 5.1.4a in TS
38.321 \[7\].

If MsgB contains a fallbackRAR MAC subPDU the UE shall fallback to the
4-step RA type by transmitting the msg3 containing the payload of MsgA
PUSCH and monitor contention resolution as described in clause 8.2A in
TS 38.213 \[3\].

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated MsgA PRACH and MsgA PUSCH transmission power when the
backoff time expires unless the Random Access Response reception is
considered as successful, as defined in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321
\[7\].

###### 6.2.2.3.1.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving MsgB

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated MsgA PRACH and MsgA PUSCH transmission power when the
backoff time expires unless the Random Access Response reception is
considered as successful, as defined in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321
\[7\].

##### 6.2.2.3.2 Non-Contention based random access

###### 6.2.2.3.2.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting MsgA

If the contention-free Random Access Resources and the contention-free
PRACH occasions associated with SSBs is configured, with the UE selected
SSB with SS-RSRP above *msgA-RSRP-ThresholdSSB* amongst the associated
SSBs, UE shall have the capability to select the Random Access Preamble
corresponding to the selected SSB, and to transmit Random Access
Preamble on the next available PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions
corresponding to the selected SSB permitted by the restrictions given
first by the *msgA-SSB-SharedRO-MaskIndex* if configured, or next by the
*ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, and PRACH occasion shall be
randomly selected with equal probability amongst the selected SSB
associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously but on different
subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

In association with the MsgA PRACH, the UE shall be able to transmit
MsgA PUSCH on the corresponding PUSCH occasion associated with a DMRS
resource, which is mapped from the MsgA PRACH occasion,, and preamble
index as defined in clause 8.1A in TS 38.213 \[3\].

###### 6.2.2.3.2.2 Correct behaviour when receiving MsgB

The UE may stop monitoring for MsgB, when the UE has successfully
received the PDCCH addressed to UE as specified in clause 8.2A in TS
38.213 \[3\] containing a successRAR MAC subPDU or a fallbackRAR MAC
subPDU as described in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If MsgB contains a fallbackRAR MAC subPDU the UE shall fallback to the
4-step RA type by transmitting the msg3 containing the payload of MsgA
PUSCH as described in clause 8.2A in TS 38.213 \[3\].

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion, and transmit the preamble with the calculated
MsgA PRACH and MsgA PUSCH transmission power if all received MsgBs
contain Random Access Preamble identifiers that do not match the
transmitted Random Access Preamble.

###### 6.2.2.3.2.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving MsgB

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion, and transmit MsgA with the calculated MsgA
PRACH and MsgA PUSCH transmission power, if no MsgB is received within
the MsgB Response window configured in *RACH-ConfigGenericTwoStepRA* and
the Random Access Response Reception has not been considered as
successful as defined in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

##### 6.2.2.3.3 UE behaviour when configured with supplementary UL

In addition to the requirements defined in clauses 6.2.2.3.1 and
6.2.2.3.2, a UE configured with supplementary UL carrier shall use RACH
configuration for the supplementary UL carrier contained in RMSI and RRC
dedicated signalling. If the cell for the random access procedure is
configured with supplementary UL, the UE shall transmit or re-transmit
PRACH preamble on the supplementary UL carrier if the SS-RSRP measured
by the UE on the DL carrier is lower than the *rsrp-ThresholdSSB-SUL* as
defined in TS 38.321 \[7\].

### 6.2.2A Random access when CCA is used on target frequency 

#### 6.2.2A.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the UE regarding random access
procedure when CCA is used on the target frequency. The random access
procedure is initiated to establish uplink time synchronization for a UE
which either has not acquired or has lost its uplink synchronization, or
to convey UE's request Other SI, or for beam failure recovery. The
random access is specified in clause 8 of TS 38.213 \[3\] and the
control of the RACH transmission is specified in clause 5.1 of
TS 38.321 \[7\]. Two types of procedure are defined for the random
access, the 4-step RA type, and the 2-step RA type \[7\]. The decision
on which type of procedure to adopt is as described in clause 5.1.1 of
TS 38.321 \[7\]. The requirements for the 4-step RA type procedure are
described in clause 6.2.2A.2, whereas the requirements for the 2-step RA
type procedure are described in the clause 6.2.2A.3 of this
specification.

#### 6.2.2A.2 Requirements for 4-step RA type

The UE shall select the type of random access at initiation of the
random access procedure based on network configuration, as specified in
clause 5.1.1 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE shall have capability to calculate PRACH transmission power
according to the PRACH power formula defined in clause 7.4 of TS 38.213
\[3\] and apply this power level at the first preamble or additional
preambles. The absolute power applied to the first preamble shall have
an accuracy as specified in table 6.3.4.2-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[18\]. The
relative power applied to additional preambles shall have an accuracy as
specified in table 6.3.4.3-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[18\].

The UE shall indicate a random access problem to upper layers if the
maximum number of preamble transmission counter has been reached for the
random access procedure on PCell or PSCell as specified in clause 5.1.4
in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The requirements in this clause apply for UE operating in a carrier
frequency with CCA in SA operation mode or any MR-DC operation mode, in
a carrier frequency with CCA.

##### 6.2.2A.2.1 Contention based random access

###### 6.2.2A.2.1.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting Random Access Preamble

With the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB*, UE
shall have the capability to select a Random Access Preamble randomly
with equal probability from the Random Access Preambles associated with
the selected SSB if the association between Random Access Preambles and
SSB is configured, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If the UL CCA is successful on the next available PRACH occasion, with
the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB*, UE shall
transmit Random Access Preamble on the next available PRACH occasion
from the PRACH occasions corresponding to the selected SSB permitted by
the restrictions given by the *ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured,
if the association between PRACH occasions and SSBs is configured, and
PRACH occasion shall be randomly selected with equal probability amongst
the selected SSB associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously but
on different subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in
TS 38.321 \[7\].

If UE is configured *lbt-FailureRecoveryConfig* and is capable of
*ul-LBT-FailureDetectionRecovery* \[2\] then upon detecting uplink CCA
failure during the random access procedure for random access preamble
transmission, as outlined in clause 5.21.2 of TS 38.321 \[7\], the UE
shall perform the Random Access Resource selection procedure again, as
specified in clause 5.1.3 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If UE is not configured *lbt-FailureRecoveryConfig* or is not capable of
*ul-LBT-FailureDetectionRecovery* \[2\] then upon detecting uplink CCA
failure during the random access procedure for random access preamble
transmission, as outlined in clause 5.21.2 of TS 38.321 \[7\], the UE
shall increment PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER by 1. The UE shall again
perform the Random Access Resource selection procedure if
PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER \< *preambleTransMax* + 1, as specified
in clause 5.1.3 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

###### 6.2.2A.2.1.2 Correct behaviour when receiving Random Access Response

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s) and shall
transmit the msg3 if the Random Access Response contains a Random Access
Preamble identifier corresponding to the transmitted Random Access
Preamble.

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated PRACH transmission power when the backoff time expires if
all received Random Access Responses contain Random Access Preamble
identifiers that do not match the transmitted Random Access Preamble.

###### 6.2.2A.2.1.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving Random Access Response

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\], if the UL CCA is
successful, and transmit with the calculated PRACH transmission power
when the backoff time expires if no Random Access Response is received
within the RA Response window defined in clause 5.1.4 in TS 38.321
\[7\].

###### 6.2.2A.2.1.4 Correct behaviour when receiving an UL grant for msg3 retransmission

The UE shall re-transmit the msg3 upon the reception of an UL grant for
msg3 retransmission, if the UL CCA is successful,

##### 6.2.2A.2.1.5 Correct behaviour when receiving a message over Temporary C-RNTI {#a.2.1.5-correct-behaviour-when-receiving-a-message-over-temporary-c-rnti .H6}

If the UL CCA is successful, The UE shall send ACK if the Contention
Resolution is successful.

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated PRACH transmission power when the backoff time expires
and the UL CCA is successful, unless the received message includes a UE
Contention Resolution Identity MAC control element and the UE Contention
Resolution Identity included in the MAC control element matches the CCCH
SDU transmitted in the uplink message.

###### 6.2.2A.2.1.6 Correct behaviour when contention Resolution timer expires

The UE shall re-select a preamble and transmit with the calculated PRACH
transmission power when the backoff time expires if the Contention
Resolution Timer expires.

##### 6.2.2A.2.2 Non-Contention based random access

###### 6.2.2A.2.2.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting Random Access Preamble

If the UL CCA is successful on the next available PRACH occasion and if
the contention-free Random Access Resources and the contention-free
PRACH occasions associated with SSBs is configured, with the UE selected
SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB* amongst the associated SSBs,
UE shall have the capability to select the Random Access Preamble
corresponding to the selected SSB, and to transmit Random Access
Preamble on the next available PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions
corresponding to the selected SSB permitted by the restrictions given by
the *ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, and PRACH occasion shall
be randomly selected with equal probability amongst the selected SSB
associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously but on different
subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If the UL CCA is successful, and if the random access procedure is
initialized for beam failure recovery and if the contention-free Random
Access Resources and the contention-free PRACH occasions for beam
failure recovery request associated with SSBs configured, UE shall have
the capability to select the Random Access Preamble corresponding to the
selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB* amongst the
associated SSBs, and to transmit Random Access Preamble on the next
available PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions corresponding to the
selected SSB permitted by the restrictions given by the
*ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, and PRACH occasion shall be
randomly selected with equal probability amongst the selected SSB
associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously but on different
subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If UE is configured *lbt-FailureRecoveryConfig* and is capable of
*ul-LBT-FailureDetectionRecovery* \[2\] then upon detecting uplink CCA
failure during the random access procedure for random access preamble
transmission, as outlined in clause 5.21.2 of TS 38.321 \[7\], the UE
shall perform the Random Access Resource selection procedure again, as
specified in clause 5.1.3 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If UE is not configured *lbt-FailureRecoveryConfig* or is not capable of
*ul-LBT-FailureDetectionRecovery* \[2\] then upon detecting uplink CCA
failure during the random access procedure for random access preamble
transmission, as outlined in clause 5.21.2 of TS 38.321 \[7\], the UE
shall increment PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER by 1. The UE shall again
perform the Random Access Resource selection procedure if
PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER \< *preambleTransMax* + 1, as specified
in clause 5.1.3 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

###### 6.2.2A.2.2.2 Correct behaviour when receiving Random Access Response

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s), if the Random
Access Response contains a Random Access Preamble identifier
corresponding to the transmitted Random Access Preamble, unless the
random access procedure is initialized for Other SI request from UE.

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s) and shall
monitor the Other SI transmission if the Random Access Response only
contains a Random Access Preamble identifier which is corresponding to
the transmitted Random Access Preamble and the random access procedure
is initialized for SI request from UE, as specified in clause 5.1.4 in
TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s), if the
contention-free Random Access Preamble for beam failure recovery request
was transmitted and if the PDCCH addressed to UE's C-RNTI is received,
as specified in clause 5.1.4 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion if the UL CCA is successful, and transmit the
preamble with the calculated PRACH transmission power if all received
Random Access Responses contain Random Access Preamble identifiers that
do not match the transmitted Random Access Preamble.

###### 6.2.2A.2.2.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving Random Access Response

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion if the UL CCA is successful, and transmit the
preamble with the calculated PRACH transmission power, if no Random
Access Response is received within the RA Response window configured in
*RACH-ConfigCommon* or if no PDCCH addressed to UE's C-RNTI is received
within the RA Response window configured in *BeamFailureRecoveryConfig*,
as defined in clause 5.1.4 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

#### 6.2.2A.3 Requirements for 2-step RA type

The UE shall select the type of random access at initiation of the
random access procedure based on network configuration, as specified in
clause 5.1.1 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE shall have capability to calculate MsgA PRACH transmission power
according to the PRACH power formula defined in clause 7.4 of TS 38.213
\[3\] and the MsgA PUSCH power formula of clause 7.1.1 of TS 38.213
\[3\] and apply this power level at the first MsgA or additional MsgA
repetitions. The absolute power applied to the first preamble shall have
an accuracy as specified in table 6.3.4.2-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[18\]. The
relative power applied to additional preambles shall have an accuracy as
specified in table 6.3.4.3-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[18\].

The UE shall switch to 4-step RA type procedure if the MsgA transmission
counter has exceeded *msgA-TransMax*, if configured, as specified in
clause 5.1.4a of TS 38.321 \[7\]. The UE shall indicate a Random Access
problem to upper layers if the maximum number of preamble transmission
counter has been reached for the random access procedure on PCell or
PSCell as specified in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The requirements in this clause apply for UE operating in a carrier
frequency with CCA in SA operation mode or any MR-DC operation mode, in
a carrier frequency with CCA.

##### 6.2.2A.3.1 Contention based random access

###### 6.2.2A.3.1.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting MsgA

With the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *msgA-RSRP-ThresholdSSB*,
the UE shall have the capability to select a Random Access Preamble
randomly with equal probability from the Random Access Preambles
associated with the selected SSB if the association between Random
Access Preambles and SS blocks is configured, as specified in
clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If the UL CCA is successful on the next available PRACH occasion, with
the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *msgA-RSRP-ThresholdSSB*, UE
shall have the capability to transmit MsgA PRACH on the next available
PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions corresponding to the selected
SSB permitted by the restrictions given first by the
*msgA-SSB-SharedRO-MaskIndex* if configured, or next by the
*ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, if the association between
PRACH occasions and SSBs is configured.

The PRACH preamble and PRACH occasion shall be randomly selected with
equal probability amongst the selected SSB associated PRACH occasions
occurring simultaneously but on different subcarriers, as specified in
clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

In association with the MsgA PRACH, if the UL CCA is successful, the UE
shall be able to transmit MsgA PUSCH on the corresponding PUSCH occasion
associated with a DMRS resource, which is mapped from the MsgA PRACH
occasion, and preamble index as defined in clause 8.1A in TS 38.213
\[3\].

If UE is configured *lbt-FailureRecoveryConfig* and is capable of
*ul-LBT-FailureDetectionRecovery* \[2\] then upon detecting uplink CCA
failure during the random access procedure for MsgA transmission, as
outlined in clause 5.21.2 of TS 38.321 \[7\], the UE shall cancel the
transmission of the MsgA payload on the associated PUSCH resource and
perform the Random Access Resource selection procedure, as specified in
clause 5.1.3a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If UE is not configured *lbt-FailureRecoveryConfig* or is not capable of
*ul-LBT-FailureDetectionRecovery* \[2\] then upon detecting uplink CCA
failure during the random access procedure for MsgA transmission, as
outlined in clause 5.21.2 of TS 38.321 \[7\], the UE shall cancel the
transmission of the MsgA payload on the associated PUSCH resource and
increment PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER by 1. The UE shall again
perform the Random Access Resource selection procedure if
PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER \< *preambleTransMax* + 1, as specified
in clause 5.1.3a in TS 38.321 \[7\]. If the Random Access Procedure is
not complete and the UE is configured with *msgA-TransMax* then, as
specified in clause 5.1.3a in TS 38.321 \[7\], the UE shall perform the
Random Access Resource selection procedure with 4-step RA type provided
that PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER = *msgA-TransMax* + 1.

###### 6.2.2A.3.1.2 Correct behaviour when receiving MsgB

The UE shall stop monitoring for MsgB, when the UE has successfully
received the PDCCH addressed to UE as specified in clause 8.2A in TS
38.213 \[3\] containing a successRAR MAC subPDU or a fallbackRAR MAC
subPDU as described in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If the UL CCA is successful, the UE shall send ACK if Success RAR is
received in MsgB and the Contention Resolution is successful, as defined
in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If MsgB contains a fallbackRAR MAC subPDU the UE shall fallback to the
4-step RA type by transmitting the msg3 containing the payload of MsgA
PUSCH if the UL CCA is successful, and monitor contention resolution as
described in clause 8.2A in TS 38.213 \[3\].

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated MsgA PRACH and MsgA PUSCH transmission power, if the UL
CCA is successful on the next available PRACH occasion, when the backoff
time expires unless the Random Access Response reception is considered
as successful, as defined in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

###### 6.2.2A.3.1.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving MsgB

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\], and if the UL CCA
is successful, transmit with the calculated MsgA PRACH and MsgA PUSCH
transmission power if the UL CCA is successful on the next available
PRACH occasion when the backoff time expires unless the Random Access
Response reception is considered as successful, as defined in clause
5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

##### 6.2.2A.3.2 Non-Contention based random access

###### 6.2.2A.3.2.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting MsgA

If the UL CCA is successful, if the contention-free Random Access
Resources and the contention-free PRACH occasions associated with SSBs
is configured, with the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above
*msgA-RSRP-ThresholdSSB* amongst the associated SSBs, UE shall have the
capability to select the Random Access Preamble corresponding to the
selected SSB, and to transmit Random Access Preamble on the next
available PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions corresponding to the
selected SSB permitted by the restrictions given first by the
*msgA-SSB-SharedRO-MaskIndex* if configured, or next by the
*ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, and PRACH occasion shall be
randomly selected with equal probability amongst the selected SSB
associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously but on different
subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

In association with the MsgA PRACH, the UE shall be able to transmit
MsgA PUSCH, if the UL CCA is successful, on the corresponding PUSCH
occasion associated with a DMRS resource, which is mapped from the MsgA
PRACH occasion, and preamble index as defined in clause 8.1A in TS
38.213 \[3\].

If UE is configured *lbt-FailureRecoveryConfig* and is capable of
*ul-LBT-FailureDetectionRecovery* \[2\] then upon detecting uplink CCA
failure during the random access procedure for MsgA transmission, as
outlined in clause 5.21.2 of TS 38.321 \[7\], the UE shall have cancel
the transmission of the MsgA payload on the associated PUSCH resource
and perform the Random Access Resource selection procedure, as specified
in clause 5.1.3a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If UE is not configured *lbt-FailureRecoveryConfig* or is not capable of
*ul-LBT-FailureDetectionRecovery* \[2\] then upon detecting uplink CCA
failure during the random access procedure for MsgA transmission, as
outlined in clause 5.21.2 of TS 38.321 \[7\], the UE shall cancel the
transmission of the MsgA payload on the associated PUSCH resource and
increment PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER by 1. The UE shall again
perform the Random Access Resource selection procedure if
PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER \< *preambleTransMax* + 1, as specified
in clause 5.1.3a in TS 38.321 \[7\]. If the Random Access Procedure is
not complete and the UE is configured with *msgA-TransMax* then, as
specified in clause 5.1.3a in TS 38.321 \[7\], the UE shall perform the
Random Access Resource selection procedure with 4-step RA type provided
that PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER = *msgA-TransMax* + 1.

###### 6.2.2A.3.2.2 Correct behaviour when receiving MsgB

The UE may stop monitoring for MsgB, when the UE has successfully
received the PDCCH addressed to UE as specified in clause 8.2A in TS
38.213 \[3\] containing a successRAR MAC subPDU or a fallbackRAR MAC
subPDU as described in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If MsgB contains a fallbackRAR MAC subPDU the UE shall fallback to the
4-step RA type by transmitting the msg3 containing the payload of MsgA
PUSCH if the UL CCA is successful, as described in clause 8.2A in TS
38.213 \[3\].

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion, and transmit the preamble with the calculated
MsgA PRACH and MsgA PUSCH transmission power if the UL CCA is
successful, if all received MsgBs contain Random Access Preamble
identifiers that do not match the transmitted Random Access Preamble.

###### 6.2.2A.3.2.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving MsgB

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion, and transmit MsgA with the calculated MsgA
PRACH and MsgA PUSCH transmission power if the UL CCA is successful on
the next available PRACH occasion, if no MsgB is received within the
MsgB Response window configured in *RACH-ConfigGenericTwoStepRA* and the
Random Access Response Reception has not been considered as successful
as defined in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

### 6.2.2B Random access for RedCap

#### 6.2.2B.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the RedCap UE regarding random
access procedure. The random access procedure is initiated to establish
uplink time synchronization for a UE which either has not acquired or
has lost its uplink synchronization, or to convey UE's request Other SI,
or for beam failure recovery. The random access is specified in clause 8
of TS 38.213 \[3\] and the control of the RACH transmission is specified
in clause 5.1 of TS 38.321 \[7\]. Two types of procedure are defined for
the random access, the 4-step RA type, and the 2-step RA type \[7\]. The
decision on which type of procedure to adopt is as described in clause
5.1.1 of TS 38.321 \[7\].

The 1 Rx RedCap UE for performing the random access procedure defined in
clause 5.1 \[7\] applies:

*- rsrp-ThresholdSSB* as the signaled value of *rsrp-ThresholdSSB* \[2\]
+ 1 dB.

*- msgA-RSRP-ThresholdSSB* as the signaled value of
*msgA-RSRP-ThresholdSSB* \[2\] + 1 dB.

\- *msgA-RSRP-Threshold* as the signaled value of msgA-RSRP-Threshold
\[2\] + 1 dB.

\- *rsrp-ThresholdMsg3* as the signaled value of *rsrp-ThresholdMsg3*
\[2\] - 1 dB.

#### 6.2.2B.2 Requirements

The requirements for the 4-step RA type procedure described in clause
6.2.2.2 and the requirements for the 2-step RA type procedure described
in the clause 6.2.2.3 are applicable for TDD and FDD RedCap UEs. The
4-step and 2-step RA requirements for contention based random access
defined in clause 6.2.2.2 and 6.2.2.3 respectively apply to HD-FDD UE
with the following conditions:

-   The RedCap UE operating in HD-FDD mode is not expected to perform
    PRACH transmission on a PRACH resource of a cell if UE has not
    received at least one SSB associated with that PRACH resource during
    the last Tp period in the cell, where Tp=160 ms.

-   The RedCap UE operating in HD-FDD mode shall meet the PRACH
    requirements when performing PRACH transmission on a PRACH resource
    of a cell provided that the UE has received at least one SSB
    associated with that PRACH resource during the last Tp period before
    the PRACH transmission, where Tp=160 ms.

### 6.2.2C PDCCH ordered Random Access for LTM

#### 6.2.2C.1 Introduction

The requirements in this clause apply for a UE capable of
*rach-EarlyTA-Measurement-r18* configured to trigger RACH procedure
toward target LTM candidate cell before receiving cell switch command
MAC-CE.

The requirements in this clause apply if PDCCH order-based RACH on
candidate cell is triggered based on L1-RSRP report or L3-RSRP
beam-level report in FR1, or based on L1-RSRP report in FR2.

The requirements in this clause for PDCCH ordered-based RACH to an
inter-frequency target cell is only applicable, when

\- network has configured UE to perform SSB based L3 measurement with
beam measurement reporting or L1 measurement for the target cell before
the PDCCH order, or

\- the SFN of the serving cell from which PDCCH order is received and
the SFN of the target cell are the same.

#### 6.2.2C.2 PDCCH ordered Random Access delay

UE shall complete the RACH transmission as defined in TS 38.213 \[3\]
clause 8.1, in which $T_{\text{SSB}}$ and
$\mathrm{\Delta}_{RF/BB\ preparation\ }$are defined as the following:

\- $T_{\text{SSB}}$ is the time for T/F tracking and acquiring full
timing information of the target cell

\- $T_{\text{SSB}}$ = 0, provided:

\- L1-RSRP measurement is configured and

\- The target LTM candidate cell is on an FR1 carrier whose TCI state
associated with SSB indicated in the PDCCH-order is activated, and the
time between the MAC-CE activating the target TCI state and the PDCCH is
larger than TCI state activation delay defined in clause 8.25.3, and

\- L1-RSRP measurement period of candidate cell is not larger than 160
ms, or

\- The time between the MAC-CE activating the target TCI state and the
PDCCH is not larger than TCI state activation delay defined in clause
8.25.3 + 160ms.

\- Otherwise, $T_{\text{SSB}}$ = $T_{first - SSB\_ RACH}$ +
$T_{SSB - proc}$, where

\- $T_{first - SSB\_ RACH}$ is the time to the first SSB occasion, after
1slot from the end of the slot of the PDCCH, when SSB is to be measured
outside MG

\- $T_{first - SSB\_ RACH}$ is the time to the first SSB occasion,
overlapped with MGL after 2ms and 1slot from the end of the slot of the
PDCCH if the SSB to be measured within MG.

\- $T_{SSB - proc}$ = 2 ms, which is the time for SSB processing;

\- $\mathrm{\Delta}_{RF/BB\ preparation}$ is the time for RF and
baseband preparation. The following apply:

\- If PRACH bandwidth is outside active UL BWP of serving cell(s) but
within one of configured UL BWPs of an active serving cell, the
$\mathrm{\Delta}_{RF/BB\ preparation}$ **is the DCI based BWP switching
delay specified in clause 8.6.**

\- If PRACH bandwidth is not within any of the configured UL BWPs of any
active serving cell, $\mathrm{\Delta}_{RF/BB\ preparation}\ $equals to
capability value reported in *pdcch-RACH-PrepTimeList-r18*.

\- Otherwise, $\mathrm{\Delta}_{RF/BB\ preparation}\ $= 0.

### 6.2.3 SA: RRC Connection Release with Redirection

#### 6.2.3.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the UE regarding RRC connection
release with redirection procedure. RRC connection release with
redirection is initiated by the *RRCRelease* message with redirection to
E-UTRAN or NR from NR specified in TS 38.331 \[2\]. The RRC connection
release with redirection procedure is specified in clause 5.3.8 of TS
38.331 \[2\].

In the requirements of clause 6.2.3.2, the term SMTC occasion not
available at the UE refers to when the SMTC contains SSBs configured by
gNB in a cell on a carrier frequency subject to CCA, but the first two
successive candidate SSB positions for the same SSB index within the
discovery burst transmission window are not available at the UE due to
DL CCA failures at gNB during the corresponding identification period;
otherwise the SMTC occasion is considered as available at the UE.

In the requirements of clause 6.2.3.2, the term PRACH occasion
unavailable for transmission refers to when the PRACH occasion is
configured by gNB but not transmitted by the UE during the corresponding
period due to UL CCA failure at the UE.

When the RRC connection release with redirection is performed on a cell
in FR2-2 with shared spectrum channel access, UE shall determine the CCA
mode of the neighbour cell according to *channelAccessMode2-r17* if
configured. If *channelAccessMode2-r17* of the cell is enabled, UE shall
assume that CCA applies to the cell and perform measurement accordingly,
and the requirements in clause 6.2.3.2.3 shall apply; otherwise, UE
shall assume that CCA does not apply to the cell and perform measurement
accordingly, and requirements in clause 6.2.3.2.1 shall apply.

#### 6.2.3.2 Requirements

##### 6.2.3.2.1 RRC connection release with redirection to NR

The UE shall be capable of performing the RRC connection release with
redirection to the target NR cell within
T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~.

The time delay (T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~) is the time
between the end of the last slot containing the RRC command,
"*RRCRelease*" (TS 38.331 \[2\]) on the NR PDSCH and the time the UE
starts to send random access to the target NR cell. The time delay
(T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~) shall be less than:

T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~ = T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~ +
T~identify-NR~ + T~SI-NR~ + T~RACH~

The target NR cell shall be considered detectable when for each relevant
SSB, the following side conditions are met:

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.5 for
a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~: It is the RRC procedure delay for processing
the received message "*RRCRelease*" as defined in clause 6.2.2 of TS
38.331 \[2\].

T~identify-NR~: It is the time to identify the target NR cell and
depends on the FR of the target NR cell. It is defined in table
6.2.3.2.1-1. Note that T~identify-NR~ = T~PSS/SSS-sync~ + T~meas~, in
which T~PSS/SSS-sync~ is the cell search time and T~meas~ is the
measurement time due to cell selection criteria evaluation.

T~SI-NR~: It is the time required for acquiring all the relevant system
information of the target NR cell. This time depends upon whether the UE
is provided with the relevant system information of the target NR cell
or not by the old NR cell before the RRC connection is released.
T~RACH:~ It is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the target NR cell. T~RACH~ can be up to the summation
of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH
occasion associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213
\[3\].

T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in the
redirection command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity configured
in the *measObjectNR* having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier
spacing configured for the RRC connection release with redirection. If
the measObjectNRs having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing
configured by MN and SN have different SMTC, T~rs~ is the periodicity of
one of the SMTC which is up to UE implementation. If the UE is not
provided with SMTC configuration or measurement object for the frequency
which is also configured for the RRC connection release with redirection
then:

\- the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~ = 20 ms if the
SSB transmission periodicity is not larger than 20 ms; otherwise,

\- there is no requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is larger
than 20 ms.

Table 6.2.3.2.1-1: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
release with redirection to NR

  FR of target NR cell                                                                                                                                                                                                              T~identify-NR~
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------
  FR1                                                                                                                                                                                                                               MAX (680 ms, 11 x T~rs~)
  FR2-1                                                                                                                                                                                                                             MAX (880 ms, 8x11 x T~rs~)
  FR2-2                                                                                                                                                                                                                             MAX (880 ms, 12x11 x T~rs~)
  NOTE: If the UE has been provided with higher layer signalling of *smtc2* specified in TS 38.331 \[2\] prior to the redirection command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2* according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.   

##### 6.2.3.2.2 RRC connection release with redirection to E-UTRAN

The UE shall be capable of performing the RRC connection release with
redirection to the target E-UTRAN cell within
T~connection\_release\_redirect\_E-UTRA~.

The time delay (T~connection\_release\_redirect\_E-UTRA~) is the time
between the end of the last slot containing the RRC command,
"*RRCRelease*" (TS 38.331 \[2\]) on the PDSCH and the time the UE starts
to send random access to the target E-UTRA cell. The time delay
(T~connection\_release\_redirect\_E-UTRA~) shall be less than:

T~connection\_release\_redirect\_E-UTRA~ = T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~ +
T~identify-E-UTRA~ + T~SI-E-UTRA~ + T~RACH~

The target E-UTRA FDD or TDD cell shall be considered detectable
provided the following conditions are fulfilled:

\- the same conditions as for inter-frequency RSRP measurements
specified in annex B.1.2 of TS 36.133 \[15\] are fulfilled for a
corresponding Band, and

\- the same conditions as for inter-frequency RSRQ measurements
specified in annex B.1.2 of TS 36.133 \[15\] are fulfilled for a
corresponding Band, and

\- SCH conditions specified in annex B.1.2 of TS 36.133 \[15\] are
fulfilled for a corresponding Band.

T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~: It is the RRC procedure delay for processing
the received message "*RRCRelease*" as defined in clause 6.2.2 of TS
38.331 \[2\].

T~identify-E-UTRA~: It is the time to identify the target E-UTRA cell.
It shall be less than 320 ms.

T~SI-E-UTRA~: It is the time required for acquiring all the relevant
system information of the target E-UTRA cell. This time depends upon
whether the UE is provided with the relevant system information (SI) of
the target E-UTRA cell or not by the old NR cell before the RRC
connection is released.

T~RACH~: It is the delay caused due to the random access procedure when
sending random access to the target E-UTRA cell.

##### 6.2.3.2.3 RRC connection release with redirection to NR carrier subject to CCA

The UE shall be capable of performing the RRC connection release with
redirection to the target NR cell subject to CCA within
T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR\_CCA~.

The time delay (T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR\_CCA~) is the time
between the end of the last slot containing the RRC command,
"*RRCRelease*" (TS 38.331 \[2\]) on the NR PDSCH and the time the UE
starts to send random access to the target NR cell. The time delay
(T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR\_CCA~) shall be less than:

T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR\_CCA~ = T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~ +
T~identify-NR\_CCA~ + T~SI-NR\_CCA~ + T~RACH\_CCA~

The target NR cell shall be considered detectable when for each relevant
SSB, the following side conditions are met:

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.5 for
a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

\- T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~: It is the RRC procedure delay for
processing the received message "*RRCRelease*" as defined in clause
6.2.2 of TS 38.331 \[2\].

\- T~identify-NR\_CCA~: It is the time to identify the target NR cell
and is defined as:

\- T~identify-NR\_CCA~ = T~PSS/SSS-sync~ + T~meas~; T~PSS/SSS-sync~ is
the cell search time and T~meas~ is the measurement time due to cell
selection criteria evaluation.

\- For FR1 target NR cell: T~identify-NR\_CCA~ = MAX (680 ms, (L~1~+11)
× T~rs~);

\- For FR2-2 target NR cell: T~identify-NR\_CCA~ = MAX (880 ms,
N×(L~1~´+11) × T~rs~);

\- where L~1~ is the number of SMTC occasions not available at the UE
due to DL CCA failures and L~1~´ is the number of SMTC occasion groups
not available at the UE due to DL CCA failures. An SMTC occasion group
consists of N consecutive SMTC occasions. An SMTC occasion group is not
available, when at least one SMTC occasion in the group is not
transmitted by the gNB. N is equal to 12. If L~1~ \> L~1,max~ or L~1~´
\> L~1,max~ then the UE shall initiate cell selection procedures for the
selected PLMN as defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]; where L~1,max~ is defined
in table 6.2.3.2.3-1.

\- T~SI-NR\_CCA~: It is the time required for acquiring all the relevant
system information of the target NR cell. This time depends upon whether
the UE is provided with the relevant system information of the target NR
cell or not by the old NR cell before the RRC connection is released.

\- T~RACH\_CCA:~ It is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first
available PRACH occasion in the target NR cell:

\- T~RACH\_CCA~ = (1+L~2~)×T~SSB,RO~ + 10 ms T~PRACH~; where:

\- L~2~ is the consecutive number of SSB to PRACH occasion association
periods during which no PRACH occasion is available for PRACH
transmission due to UL CCA failures. L~2~ = 0 for Type 2C UL channel
access procedure as defined in TS 37.213 \[33\]. L~3~ = 0 if
*ra-ChannelAccess-r17* is not configured in FR2-2.

\- T~SSB,RO~ is the SSB to PRACH occasion association period as defined
in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\].

\- The value of L2 is limited by *PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER*,
which is increased when PRACH occasion is unavailable for PRACH
transmission due to UL CCA failure as specified in TS 38.321 \[7\]. The
UE behaviour when *PREAMBLE\_TRANSMISSION\_COUNTER* reaches the
*preambleTransMax* is specified in TS 38.321 \[7\].

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has
been provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in the
redirection command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity configured
in the *measObjectNR* having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier
spacing configured for the RRC connection release with redirection. If
the UE is not provided with SMTC configuration or measurement object for
the frequency which is also configured for the RRC connection release
with redirection then:

\- the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~ = 20 ms if the
SSB transmission periodicity is not larger than 20 ms;

\- otherwise, there is no requirement if the SSB transmission
periodicity is larger than 20 ms.

Table 6.2.3.2.3-1: Maximum allowed number of missed SMTC occasions
during cell identification

  SMTC periodicity (T~rs~) \[ms\]   Maximum allowed number of missed SMTC occasions (L~1,max~)
  --------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------
  T~rs~ ≤ 40                        8
  T~rs~ \> 40                       4

### 6.2.3A SA: RRC Connection Release with Redirection for RedCap

#### 6.2.3A.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the RedCap UE regarding RRC
connection release with redirection procedure. RRC connection release
with redirection is initiated by the *RRCRelease* message with
redirection to E-UTRAN or NR from NR specified in TS 38.331 \[2\]. The
RRC connection release with redirection procedure is specified in clause
5.3.8 of TS 38.331 \[2\].

#### 6.2.3A.2 Requirements

##### 6.2.3A.2.1 RRC connection release with redirection to NR

The requirements in clause 6.2.3.2.1 shall apply when RedCap UE is
capable of 2 Rx. When UE is only required to support 1 Rx antenna, the
requirements defined in clause 6.2.3.2.1 shall apply except that:

\- T~identify-NR~ as specified in table 6.2.3A.2.1-1.

Table 6.2.3A.2.1-1: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
release with redirection to NR

  FR of target NR cell                                                                                                                                                                                                              T~identify-NR~
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------
  FR1                                                                                                                                                                                                                               MAX (680 ms, \[12\] x T~rs~)
  NOTE: If the UE has been provided with higher layer signalling of *smtc2* specified in TS 38.331 \[2\] prior to the redirection command, T~rs~ follows *smtc1* or *smtc2* according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.   

The HD-FDD UE shall meet the RRC connection release with redirection
requirements provided that SSB is available at the UE once every SMTC
period during T~search~.

When the Redcap specific initial BWP is configured for random access,
T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~ in clause 6.2.3.2.1 is extended by
6 ms.

##### 6.2.3A.2.2 RRC connection release with redirection to E-UTRAN

The requirements in clause 6.2.3.2.2 shall apply.

6.2C RRC Connection Mobility Control for Satellite Access
---------------------------------------------------------

### 6.2C.1 SA: RRC Re-establishment for Satellite Access

#### 6.2C.1.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the UE regarding RRC connection
re-establishment procedure. RRC connection re-establishment is initiated
when a UE in RRC\_CONNECTED state on the carrier loses RRC connection
due to any of failure cases, including radio link failure, handover
failure, and RRC connection reconfiguration failure. The RRC connection
re-establishment procedure is specified in clause 5.3.7 of TS 38.331
\[2\].

The requirements in this clause are applicable for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR cell, which is served by satellite access node
(SAN).

#### 6.2C.1.2 Requirements

In RRC\_CONNECTED state the UE shall be capable of sending
*RRCReestablishmentRequest* message within T~re-establish\_delay~
seconds from the moment it detects a loss in RRC connection. The total
RRC connection delay (T~re-establish\_delay~) shall be less than:

$$T_{re - establish\_ delay} = T_{UE\_ re - establish\_ delay} + T_{UL\_ grant}$$

T~UL\_grant~: It is the time required to acquire and process uplink
grant from the target PCell. The uplink grant is required to transmit
*RRCReestablishmentRequest* message.

The UE re-establishment delay (T~UE\_re-establish\_delay~) is specified
in clause 6.2C.1.2.1.

##### 6.2C.1.2.1 UE Re-establishment delay requirement

The UE re-establishment delay (T~UE\_re-establish\_delay~) is the time
between the moments when any of the conditions requiring RRC
re-establishment as defined in clause 5.3.7 in TS 38.331 \[2\] is
detected by the UE and when the UE sends PRACH to the target PCell. The
UE re-establishment delay (T~UE\_re-establish\_delay~) requirement shall
be less than:

$$T_{UE\_ re - establish\_ delay} = 50\ ms + T_{identify\_ intra\_ NR} + \sum_{i = 1}^{N_{\text{freq}} - 1}T_{identify\_ inter\_ NR,i} + T_{SI - NR} + T_{\text{PRACH}}$$

The intra-frequency target NR cell shall be considered detectable if
each relevant SSB can satisfy that:

\- SS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.2C are fulfilled
for a corresponding NR Band for FR1, and

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.17
for a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

The inter-frequency target NR cell shall be considered detectable when
for each relevant SSB:

\- SS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.4C are fulfilled
for a corresponding NR Band for FR1, and

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.18
for a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

T~identify\_intra\_NR~: It is the time to identify the target
intra-frequency NR cell and it depends on whether the target NR cell is
known cell or unknown cell. If the UE is not configured with
intra-frequency NR carrier for RRC re-establishment then
T~identify\_intra\_NR~=0; otherwise T~identify\_intra\_NR~ shall not
exceed the values defined in table 6.2C.1.2.1-1.

T~identify\_inter\_NR,i~: It is the time to identify the target
inter-frequency NR cell on inter-frequency carrier *i* configured for
RRC re-establishment and it depends on whether the target NR cell is
known cell or unknown cell. T~identify\_inter\_NR,i~ shall not exceed
the values defined in table 6.2C.1.2.1-2.

T~SMTC~: It is the periodicity of the SMTC occasion configured for the
intra-frequency carrier. If the UE has been provided with higher layer
in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of *smtc2*, T~smtc~ follows *smtc1* or
*smtc2* according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.

T~SMTC,i~: It is the periodicity of the SMTC occasion configured for the
inter-frequency carrier *i*. If it is not configured, the UE may assume
that the target SSB periodicity is no larger than 20 ms.

T~SI-NR~: It is the time required for receiving all the relevant system
information according to the reception procedure and the RRC procedure
delay of system information blocks defined in TS 38.331 \[2\] for the
target NR cell.

T~PRACH:~ It is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the target NR cell. T~PRACH~ can be up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and \[10\] ms. SSB
to PRACH occasion associated period is defined in table 8.1-1 of TS
38.213 \[3\].

*N~freq~*: It is the total number of NR frequencies to be monitored for
RRC re-establishment; N~freq~ = 1 if the target intra-frequency NR cell
is known, else N~freq~ = 2 and T~identify\_intra\_NR~ = 0 if the target
inter-frequency NR cell is known.

There is no requirement if the target cell does not contain the UE
context.

In the requirement defined in the below tables, the target FR1 cell is
known if it has been meeting the relevant cell identification
requirement during the last 5 seconds otherwise it is unknown.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that the ephemeris
information provided by the serving cell for the target cell is valid
during UE re-establishment delay (T~UE\_re-establish\_delay~).

Table 6.2C.1.2.1-1: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR intra-frequency cell

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Serving cell   | FR of target   | T~identi       |                |
|                | NR             | fy\_intra\_NR~ |                |
|                |                | \[ms\]         |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| SSB Ês/Iot     | cell           | Known NR cell  | Unknown NR     |
| (dB)           |                |                | cell           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ≥ -8           | FR1            | MAX (200 ms, 5 | K~multi\_SMTC~ |
|                |                | x T~SMTC~)     | \* MAX (800    |
|                |                |                | ms, 10 x       |
|                |                |                | T~SMTC~)       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| \< -8          | FR1            | N/A            | k \* 800 ms    |
|                |                |                | ^Note1,\ 3^    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The UE |                |                |                |
| is not         |                |                |                |
| required to    |                |                |                |
| successfully   |                |                |                |
| identify a     |                |                |                |
| cell on any NR |                |                |                |
| frequency      |                |                |                |
| layer when     |                |                |                |
| T~SMTC~ \> 20  |                |                |                |
| ms and serving |                |                |                |
| cell SSB       |                |                |                |
| Ês/Iot \< -8   |                |                |                |
| dB.            |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2:        |                |                |                |
| K~multi\_SMTC~ |                |                |                |
| is defined in  |                |                |                |
| clause         |                |                |                |
| 9.2C.5.1.      |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: k = 1  |                |                |                |
| if the cells   |                |                |                |
| on the target  |                |                |                |
| frequency are  |                |                |                |
| served by GEO. |                |                |                |
| k = (N+1) if   |                |                |                |
| the cells on   |                |                |                |
| the target     |                |                |                |
| frequency are  |                |                |                |
| served by LEO, |                |                |                |
| where N is the |                |                |                |
| number of      |                |                |                |
| different      |                |                |                |
| satellites     |                |                |                |
| associated to  |                |                |                |
| the list of    |                |                |                |
| configured     |                |                |                |
| neighbour      |                |                |                |
| cells in       |                |                |                |
| ntn-Neigh      |                |                |                |
| CellConfigList |                |                |                |
| and            |                |                |                |
| ntn-NeighCell  |                |                |                |
| ConfigListExt. |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 6.2C.1.2.1-2: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR inter-frequency cell

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Serving cell   | FR of target   | T~identify\_   |                |
| SSB Ês/Iot     | NR cell        | inter\_NR,\ i~ |                |
| (dB)           |                | \[ms\]         |                |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                | Known NR cell  | Unknown NR     |
|                |                |                | cell           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ≥ -8           | FR1            | MAX (200 ms, 6 | K\_satellite   |
|                |                | x T~SMTC,\ i~) | \* MAX (800    |
|                |                |                | ms, 13 x       |
|                |                |                | T~SMTC,\ i~)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| \< -8          | FR1            | N/A            | k \* 800 ms    |
|                |                |                | ^Note1,\ 3^    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The UE |                |                |                |
| is not         |                |                |                |
| required to    |                |                |                |
| successfully   |                |                |                |
| identify a     |                |                |                |
| cell on any NR |                |                |                |
| frequency      |                |                |                |
| layer when     |                |                |                |
| T~SMTC,i~ \>   |                |                |                |
| 20 ms and      |                |                |                |
| serving cell   |                |                |                |
| SSB Ês/Iot \<  |                |                |                |
| -8 dB.         |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2:        |                |                |                |
| K\_satellite   |                |                |                |
| is defined in  |                |                |                |
| clause 9.3C.4. |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: k = 1  |                |                |                |
| if the cells   |                |                |                |
| on the target  |                |                |                |
| frequency are  |                |                |                |
| served by GEO. |                |                |                |
| k = (N+1) if   |                |                |                |
| the cells on   |                |                |                |
| the target     |                |                |                |
| frequency are  |                |                |                |
| served by LEO, |                |                |                |
| where N is the |                |                |                |
| number of      |                |                |                |
| different      |                |                |                |
| satellites     |                |                |                |
| associated to  |                |                |                |
| the list of    |                |                |                |
| configured     |                |                |                |
| neighbour      |                |                |                |
| cells in       |                |                |                |
| ntn-Neigh      |                |                |                |
| CellConfigList |                |                |                |
| and            |                |                |                |
| ntn-NeighCell  |                |                |                |
| ConfigListExt. |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

##### 6.2C.1.2.2 UE Re-establishment delay requirement for VSAT

The requirements in this clause are applicable to both intra-frequency
and inter-frequency RRC Re-establishment.

The requirements in this clause are not applicable for VSAT indicating
'mechanical' via *ntn-VSAT-AntennaType-r18*, if the RRC Re-establishment
is initiated due to failure in handover to a different satellite than
the satellite which serves the source serving cell.

The requirements in clause 6.2C.1.2.1 shall apply, provided that the
serving cell and the target cell are served by the same satellite, and
UE is not configured to measure a different satellite for RRC
Re-establishment.

### 6.2C.2 Random access for satellite access

#### 6.2C.2.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the UE regarding random access
procedure. The random access procedure is initiated to establish uplink
time synchronization for a UE which either has not acquired or has lost
its uplink synchronization, or to convey UE's request Other SI, or for
beam failure recovery. The random access is specified in clause 8 of TS
38.213 \[3\] and the control of the RACH transmission is specified in
clause 5.1 of TS 38.321 \[7\]. Two types of procedure are defined for
the random access, the 4-step RA type, and the 2-step RA type \[7\]. The
decision on which type of procedure to adopt is as described in clause
5.1.1 of TS 38.321 \[7\]. The requirements for the 4-step RA type
procedure are described in clause 6.2C.2.2, whereas the requirements for
the 2-step RA type procedure are described in the clause 6.2C.2.3 of
this specification.

#### 6.2C.2.2 Requirements for 4-step RA type

The UE shall select the type of random access at initiation of the
random access procedure based on network configuration, as specified in
clause 5.1.1 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE shall have capability to calculate PRACH transmission power
according to the PRACH power formula defined in clause 7.4 of TS 38.213
\[3\] and apply this power level at the first preamble or additional
preambles. The absolute power applied to the first preamble shall have
an accuracy as specified in table 6.3.4.2-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[18\] for
FR1. The relative power applied to additional preambles shall have an
accuracy as specified in table 6.3.4.3-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[18\] for FR1.

The UE shall indicate a random access problem to upper layers if the
maximum number of preamble transmission counter has been reached for the
random access procedure on PCell or PSCell as specified in clause 5.1.4
in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The requirements in this clause apply for UE in SA operation mode.

##### 6.2C.2.2.1 Contention based random access

###### 6.2C.2.2.1.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting Random Access Preamble

With the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB*, UE
shall have the capability to select a Random Access Preamble randomly
with equal probability from the Random Access Preambles associated with
the selected SSB if the association between Random Access Preambles and
SSB is configured, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

With the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB*, UE
shall have the capability to transmit Random Access Preamble on the next
available PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions corresponding to the
selected SSB permitted by the restrictions given by the
*ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, if the association between
PRACH occasions and SSBs is configured, and PRACH occasion shall be
randomly selected with equal probability amongst the selected SSB
associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously but on different
subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

###### 6.2C.2.2.1.2 Correct behaviour when receiving Random Access Response

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s) and shall
transmit the msg3 if the Random Access Response contains a Random Access
Preamble identifier corresponding to the transmitted Random Access
Preamble.

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated PRACH transmission power when the backoff time expires if
all received Random Access Responses contain Random Access Preamble
identifiers that do not match the transmitted Random Access Preamble.

###### 6.2C.2.2.1.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving Random Access Response

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated PRACH transmission power when the backoff time expires if
no Random Access Response is received within the RA Response window
defined in clause 5.1.4 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

###### 6.2C.2.2.1.4 Correct behaviour when receiving an UL grant for msg3 retransmission

The UE shall re-transmit the msg3 upon the reception of UL grant for
msg3 retransmission.

###### 6.2C.2.2.1.5 SA: Correct behaviour when receiving a message over Temporary C-RNTI

The UE shall send ACK if the Contention Resolution is successful.

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated PRACH transmission power when the backoff time expires
unless the received message includes a UE Contention Resolution Identity
MAC control element and the UE Contention Resolution Identity included
in the MAC control element matches the CCCH SDU transmitted in the
uplink message.

###### 6.2C.2.2.1.6 Correct behaviour when Contention Resolution Timer expires

The UE shall re-select a preamble and transmit with the calculated PRACH
transmission power when the backoff time expires if the Contention
Resolution Timer expires.

##### 6.2C.2.2.2 Non-Contention based random access

###### 6.2C.2.2.2.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting Random Access Preamble

If the contention-free Random Access Resources and the contention-free
PRACH occasions associated with SSBs is configured, with the UE selected
SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB* amongst the associated SSBs,
UE shall have the capability to select the Random Access Preamble
corresponding to the selected SSB, and to transmit Random Access
Preamble on the next available PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions
corresponding to the selected SSB permitted by the restrictions given by
the *ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, and PRACH occasion shall
be randomly selected with equal probability amongst the selected SSB
associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously but on different
subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If the contention-free Random Access Resources and the contention-free
PRACH occasions associated with CSI-RSs is configured, with the UE
selected CSI-RS with CSI-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdCSI-RS* amongst the
associated CSI-RSs, UE shall have the capability to select the Random
Access Preamble corresponding to the selected CSI-RS, and to transmit
Random Access Preamble on the next available PRACH occasion from the
PRACH occasions in *ra-OccasionList* corresponding to the selected
CSI-RS, and PRACH occasion shall be randomly selected with equal
probability amongst the selected CSI-RS associated PRACH occasions
occurring simultaneously but on different subcarriers, as specified in
clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If the random access procedure is initialized for beam failure recovery
and if the contention-free Random Access Resources and the
contention-free PRACH occasions for beam failure recovery request
associated with any of the SSBs and/or CSI-RSs is configured, UE shall
have the capability to select the Random Access Preamble corresponding
to the selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *rsrp-ThresholdSSB* amongst the
associated SSBs or the selected CSI-RS with CSI-RSRP above
*rsrp-ThresholdCSI-RS* amongst the associated CSI-RSs, and to transmit
Random Access Preamble on the next available PRACH occasion from the
PRACH occasions corresponding to the selected SSB permitted by the
restrictions given by the *ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, or
from the PRACH occasions in *ra-OccasionList* corresponding to the
selected CSI-RS, and PRACH occasion shall be randomly selected with
equal probability amongst the selected SSB associated PRACH occasions or
the selected CSI-RS associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously
but on different subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2 in
TS 38.321 \[7\].

###### 6.2C.2.2.2.2 Correct behaviour when receiving Random Access Response

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s), if the Random
Access Response contains a Random Access Preamble identifier
corresponding to the transmitted Random Access Preamble, unless the
random access procedure is initialized for Other SI request from UE.

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s) and shall
monitor the Other SI transmission if the Random Access Response only
contains a Random Access Preamble identifier which is corresponding to
the transmitted Random Access Preamble and the random access procedure
is initialized for SI request from UE, as specified in clause 5.1.4 in
TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE may stop monitoring for Random Access Response(s), if the
contention-free Random Access Preamble for beam failure recovery request
was transmitted and if the PDCCH addressed to UE's C-RNTI is received,
as specified in clause 5.1.4 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion, and transmit the preamble with the calculated
PRACH transmission power if all received Random Access Responses contain
Random Access Preamble identifiers that do not match the transmitted
Random Access Preamble.

###### 6.2C.2.2.2.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving Random Access Response

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2 in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion, and transmit the preamble with the calculated
PRACH transmission power, if no Random Access Response is received
within the RA Response window configured in *RACH-ConfigCommon* or if no
PDCCH addressed to UE's C-RNTI is received within the RA Response window
configured in *BeamFailureRecoveryConfig*, as defined in clause 5.1.4 in
TS 38.321 \[7\].

#### 6.2C.2.3 Requirements for 2-step RA type

The UE shall select the type of random access at initiation of the
random access procedure based on network configuration, as specified in
clause 5.1.1 in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE shall have capability to calculate MsgA PRACH transmission power
according to the PRACH power formula defined in clause 7.4 of TS 38.213
\[3\] and the MsgA PUSCH power formula of clause 7.1.1 of TS 38.213
\[3\] and apply this power level at the first MsgA or additional MsgA
repetitions. The absolute power applied to the first preamble shall have
an accuracy as specified in table 6.3.4.2-1 of TS 38.101-1 \[18\] for
frequency range 1. The relative power applied to additional preambles
shall have an accuracy as specified in table 6.3.4.3-1 of TS 38.101-1
\[18\] for frequency range 1.

The UE shall switch to 4-step RA type procedure if the MsgA transmission
counter has exceeded *msgA-TransMax*, if configured, as specified in
clause 5.1.4a of TS 38.321 \[7\]. The UE shall indicate a Random Access
problem to upper layers if the maximum number of preamble transmission
counter has been reached for the random access procedure on PCell as
specified in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The requirements in this clause apply for UE in SA operation mode .

##### 6.2C.2.3.1 Contention based random access

###### 6.2C.2.3.1.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting MsgA

With the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *msgA-RSRP-ThresholdSSB*,
the UE shall have the capability to select a Random Access Preamble
randomly with equal probability from the Random Access Preambles
associated with the selected SSB if the association between Random
Access Preambles and SS blocks is configured, as specified in
clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

With the UE selected SSB with SS-RSRP above *msgA-RSRP-ThresholdSSB*, UE
shall have the capability to transmit MsgA PRACH on the next available
PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions corresponding to the selected
SSB permitted by the restrictions given first by the
*msgA-SSB-SharedRO-MaskIndex* if configured, or next by the
*ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, if the association between
PRACH occasions and SSBs is configured.

The PRACH preamble and PRACH occasion shall be randomly selected with
equal probability amongst the selected SSB associated PRACH occasions
occurring simultaneously but on different subcarriers, as specified in
clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

In association with the MsgA PRACH, the UE shall be able to transmit
MsgA PUSCH on the corresponding PUSCH occasion associated with a DMRS
resource, which is mapped from the MsgA PRACH occasion,, and preamble
index as defined in clause 8.1A in TS 38.213 \[3\].

###### 6.2C.2.3.1.2 Correct behaviour when receiving MsgB

The UE shall stop monitoring for MsgB, when the UE has successfully
received the PDCCH addressed to UE as specified in clause 8.2A in TS
38.213 \[3\] containing a successRAR MAC subPDU or a fallbackRAR MAC
subPDU as described in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

The UE shall send ACK if Success RAR is received in MsgB and the
Contention Resolution is successful, as defined in clause 5.1.4a in TS
38.321 \[7\].

If MsgB contains a fallbackRAR MAC subPDU the UE shall fallback to the
4-step RA type by transmitting the msg3 containing the payload of MsgA
PUSCH and monitor contention resolution as described in clause 8.2A in
TS 38.213 \[3\].

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated MsgA PRACH and MsgA PUSCH transmission power when the
backoff time expires unless the Random Access Response reception is
considered as successful, as defined in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321
\[7\].

###### 6.2C.2.3.1.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving MsgB

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\], and transmit with
the calculated MsgA PRACH and MsgA PUSCH transmission power when the
backoff time expires unless the Random Access Response reception is
considered as successful, as defined in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321
\[7\].

##### 6.2C.2.3.2 Non-Contention based random access

###### 6.2C.2.3.2.1 Correct behaviour when transmitting MsgA

If the contention-free Random Access Resources and the contention-free
PRACH occasions associated with SSBs is configured, with the UE selected
SSB with SS-RSRP above *msgA-RSRP-ThresholdSSB* amongst the associated
SSBs, UE shall have the capability to select the Random Access Preamble
corresponding to the selected SSB, and to transmit Random Access
Preamble on the next available PRACH occasion from the PRACH occasions
corresponding to the selected SSB permitted by the restrictions given
first by the *msgA-SSB-SharedRO-MaskIndex* if configured, or next by the
*ra-ssb-OccasionMaskIndex* if configured, and PRACH occasion shall be
randomly selected with equal probability amongst the selected SSB
associated PRACH occasions occurring simultaneously but on different
subcarriers, as specified in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

In association with the MsgA PRACH, the UE shall be able to transmit
MsgA PUSCH on the corresponding PUSCH occasion associated with a DMRS
resource, which is mapped from the MsgA PRACH occasion,, and preamble
index as defined in clause 8.1A in TS 38.213 \[3\].

###### 6.2C.2.3.2.2 Correct behaviour when receiving MsgB

The UE may stop monitoring for MsgB, when the UE has successfully
received the PDCCH addressed to UE as specified in clause 8.2A in TS
38.213 \[3\] containing a successRAR MAC subPDU or a fallbackRAR MAC
subPDU as described in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

If MsgB contains a fallbackRAR MAC subPDU the UE shall fallback to the
4-step RA type by transmitting the msg3 containing the payload of MsgA
PUSCH as described in clause 8.2A in TS 38.213 \[3\].

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion, and transmit the preamble with the calculated
MsgA PRACH and MsgA PUSCH transmission power if all received MsgBs
contain Random Access Preamble identifiers that do not match the
transmitted Random Access Preamble.

###### 6.2C.2.3.2.3 Correct behaviour when not receiving MsgB

The UE shall again perform the Random Access Resource selection
procedure defined in clause 5.1.2a in TS 38.321 \[7\] for the next
available PRACH occasion, and transmit MsgA with the calculated MsgA
PRACH and MsgA PUSCH transmission power, if no MsgB is received within
the MsgB Response window configured in *RACH-ConfigGenericTwoStepRA* and
the Random Access Response Reception has not been considered as
successful as defined in clause 5.1.4a in TS 38.321 \[7\].

### 6.2C.3 SA: RRC Connection Release with Redirection for Satellite Access

#### 6.2C.3.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the UE regarding RRC connection
release with redirection procedure. RRC connection release with
redirection is initiated by the *RRCRelease* message with redirection to
NR from NR specified in TS 38.331 \[2\]. The RRC connection release with
redirection procedure is specified in clause 5.3.8 of TS 38.331 \[2\].

#### 6.2C.3.2 Requirements

##### 6.2C.3.2.1 RRC connection release with redirection to NR

The UE shall be capable of performing the RRC connection release with
redirection to the target NR cell within
T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~.

The time delay (T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~) is the time
between the end of the last slot containing the RRC command,
"*RRCRelease*" (TS 38.331 \[2\]) on the NR PDSCH and the time the UE
starts to send random access to the target NR cell. The time delay
(T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~) shall be less than:

T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~ = T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~ +
T~identify-NR~ + T~SI-NR~ + T~RACH~

The target NR cell shall be considered detectable when for each relevant
SSB, the following side conditions are met:

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.5 for
a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

\- T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~: It is the RRC procedure delay for
processing the received message "*RRCRelease*" as defined in clause
6.2.2 of TS 38.331 \[2\].

\- T~identify-NR~: It is the time to identify the target NR cell and
depends on the FR of the target NR cell. It is defined in table
6.2C.3.2.1-1. Note that T~identify-NR~ = T~PSS/SSS-sync~ + T~meas~, in
which T~PSS/SSS-sync~ is the cell search time and T~meas~ is the
measurement time due to cell selection criteria evaluation.

\- T~SI-NR~: It is the time required for acquiring all the relevant
system information of the target NR cell. This time depends upon whether
the UE is provided with the relevant system information of the target NR
cell or not by the old NR cell before the RRC connection is released.
T~RACH:~ It is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the target NR cell. T~RACH~ can be up to the summation
of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH
occasion associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213
\[3\].

\- T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has
been provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in the
redirection command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity configured
in the *measObjectNR* having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier
spacing configured for the RRC connection release with redirection. If
the UE is not provided with SMTC configuration or measurement object for
the frequency which is also configured for the RRC connection release
with redirection then:

\- the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~ = 20 ms if the
SSB transmission periodicity is not larger than 20 ms; otherwise,

\- there is no requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is larger
than 20 ms.

The requirements in this clause apply provided that the ephemeris
information provided by the serving cell for the target cell is valid
during time delay (T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~).

Table 6.2C.3.2.1-1: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
release with redirection to NR

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| FR of target NR cell             | T~identify-NR~                   |
+==================================+==================================+
| FR1                              | K\_satellite \* MAX (680 ms, 11  |
|                                  | x T~rs~)                         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: If the UE has been       |                                  |
| provided with higher layer       |                                  |
| signalling of *smtc2* specified  |                                  |
| in TS 38.331 \[2\] prior to the  |                                  |
| redirection command, T~rs~       |                                  |
| follows *smtc1* or *smtc2*       |                                  |
| according to the physical cell   |                                  |
| ID of the target cell.           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: K\_satellite is defined  |                                  |
| in clause 9.3C.4.                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

6.2D RRC Connection Mobility Control for ATG
--------------------------------------------

### 6.2D.1 SA: RRC Re-establishment

#### 6.2D.1.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the UE regarding RRC connection
re-establishment procedure. RRC connection re-establishment is initiated
when a UE in RRC\_CONNECTED state on the carrier loses RRC connection
due to any of failure cases, including radio link failure, handover
failure, and RRC connection reconfiguration failure. The RRC connection
re-establishment procedure is specified in clause 5.3.7 of TS 38.331
\[2\].

The requirements in this clause are applicable for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR cell.

#### 6.2D.1.2 Requirements

In RRC\_CONNECTED state the UE shall be capable of sending
*RRCReestablishmentRequest* message within T~re-establish\_delay~
seconds from the moment it detects a loss in RRC connection. The total
RRC connection delay (T~re-establish\_delay~) shall be less than:

$$T_{re - establish\_ delay} = T_{UE\_ re - establish\_ delay} + T_{UL\_ grant}$$

T~UL\_grant~: It is the time required to acquire and process uplink
grant from the target PCell. The uplink grant is required to transmit
*RRCReestablishmentRequest* message.

The UE re-establishment delay (T~UE\_re-establish\_delay~) is specified
in clause 6.2D.1.2.1.

##### 6.2D.1.2.1 UE Re-establishment delay requirement

The UE re-establishment delay (T~UE\_re-establish\_delay~) is the time
between the moments when any of the conditions requiring RRC
re-establishment as defined in clause 5.3.7 in TS 38.331 \[2\] is
detected by the UE and when the UE sends PRACH to the target PCell. The
UE re-establishment delay (T~UE\_re-establish\_delay~) requirement shall
be less than:

$$T_{UE\_ re - establish\_ delay} = 50\ ms + T_{identify\_ intra\_ NR} + \sum_{i = 1}^{N_{\text{freq}} - 1}T_{identify\_ inter\_ NR,i} + T_{SI - NR} + T_{\text{PRACH}}$$

The intra-frequency target NR cell shall be considered detectable if
each relevant SSB can satisfy that:

\- SS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.2 is fulfilled
for a corresponding NR Band for FR1, and

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.X1
for a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

The inter-frequency target NR cell shall be considered detectable when
for each relevant SSB:

\- SS-RSRP related side conditions given in clause 10.1.4 are fulfilled
for a corresponding NR Band for FR1, and

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.X2
for a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

T~identify\_intra\_NR~: It is the time to identify the target
intra-frequency NR cell and it depends on whether the target NR cell is
known cell or unknown cell. If the UE is not configured with
intra-frequency NR carrier for RRC re-establishment then
T~identify\_intra\_NR~=0; otherwise T~identify\_intra\_NR~ shall not
exceed the values defined in table 6.2D.1.2.1-1.

T~identify\_inter\_NR,i~: It is the time to identify the target
inter-frequency NR cell on inter-frequency carrier *i* configured for
RRC re-establishment and it depends on whether the target NR cell is
known cell or unknown cell. T~identify\_inter\_NR,i~ shall not exceed
the values defined in table 6.2D.1.2.1-2.

T~SMTC~: It is the periodicity of the SMTC occasion configured for the
intra-frequency carrier. If the UE has been provided with higher layer
in TS 38.331 \[2\] signalling of *smtc2*, T~smtc~ follows *smtc1* or
*smtc2* according to the physical cell ID of the target cell.

T~SMTC,i~: It is the periodicity of the SMTC occasion configured for the
inter-frequency carrier *i*. If it is not configured, the UE may assume
that the target SSB periodicity is no larger than 20 ms.

T~SI-NR~: It is the time required for receiving all the relevant system
information according to the reception procedure and the RRC procedure
delay of system information blocks defined in TS 38.331 \[2\] for the
target NR cell.

T~PRACH:~ It is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the target NR cell. T~PRACH~ can be up to the
summation of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to
PRACH occasion associated period is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS
38.213 \[3\].

*N~freq~*: It is the total number of NR frequencies to be monitored for
RRC re-establishment; N~freq~ = 1 if the target intra-frequency NR cell
is known, else N~freq~ = 2 and T~identify\_intra\_NR~ = 0 if the target
inter-frequency NR cell is known.

There is no requirement if the target cell does not contain the UE
context.

In the requirement defined in the below tables, the target FR1 cell is
known if it has been meeting the relevant cell identification
requirement during the last 5 seconds otherwise it is unknown.

Table 6.2D.1.2.1-1: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR intra-frequency cell

+-------------------+------+-------------------+-------------------+
| SSB Ês/Iot (dB)   | cell | Known NR cell     | Unknown NR cell   |
+===================+======+===================+===================+
| ≥ -8              | FR1  | MAX (200 ms, 5 x  | MAX (800 ms, 10 x |
|                   |      | T~SMTC~)          | N1^Note2^ x       |
|                   |      |                   | T~SMTC~)          |
+-------------------+------+-------------------+-------------------+
| \< -8             | FR1  | N/A               | 800^Note1^        |
+-------------------+------+-------------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: The UE is |      |                   |                   |
| not required to   |      |                   |                   |
| successfully      |      |                   |                   |
| identify a cell   |      |                   |                   |
| on any NR         |      |                   |                   |
| frequency layer   |      |                   |                   |
| when T~SMTC~ \>   |      |                   |                   |
| 20 ms and serving |      |                   |                   |
| cell SSB Ês/Iot   |      |                   |                   |
| \< -8 dB.         |      |                   |                   |
|                   |      |                   |                   |
| NOTE 2: For ATG   |      |                   |                   |
| UEs capable of    |      |                   |                   |
| *anten            |      |                   |                   |
| naArrayType-r18*, |      |                   |                   |
| N1 = 3 when       |      |                   |                   |
| network           |      |                   |                   |
| assistance on ATG |      |                   |                   |
| cells reference   |      |                   |                   |
| locations is      |      |                   |                   |
| provided,         |      |                   |                   |
| otherwise N1 =    |      |                   |                   |
| 4.\               |      |                   |                   |
| Otherwise, N1 =   |      |                   |                   |
| 1.                |      |                   |                   |
+-------------------+------+-------------------+-------------------+

Table 6.2D.1.2.1-2: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
re-establishment to NR inter-frequency cell

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Serving cell   | FR of target   | T~identify\_   |                |
| SSB Ês/Iot     | NR cell        | inter\_NR,\ i~ |                |
| (dB)           |                | \[ms\]         |                |
+================+================+================+================+
|                |                | Known NR cell  | Unknown NR     |
|                |                |                | cell           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| ≥ -8           | FR1            | MAX (200 ms, 6 | MAX (800 ms,   |
|                |                | x T~SMTC,\ i~) | 13 x N1^Note2^ |
|                |                |                | x T~SMTC,\ i~) |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| \< -8          | FR1            | N/A            | 800^Note1^     |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The UE |                |                |                |
| is not         |                |                |                |
| required to    |                |                |                |
| successfully   |                |                |                |
| identify a     |                |                |                |
| cell on any NR |                |                |                |
| frequency      |                |                |                |
| layer when     |                |                |                |
| T~SMTC,i~ \>   |                |                |                |
| 20 ms and      |                |                |                |
| serving cell   |                |                |                |
| SSB Ês/Iot \<  |                |                |                |
| -8 dB.         |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: For    |                |                |                |
| ATG UEs        |                |                |                |
| capable of     |                |                |                |
| *antennaA      |                |                |                |
| rrayType-r18*, |                |                |                |
| N1 = 3 when    |                |                |                |
| network        |                |                |                |
| assistance on  |                |                |                |
| ATG cells      |                |                |                |
| reference      |                |                |                |
| locations is   |                |                |                |
| provided,      |                |                |                |
| otherwise N1 = |                |                |                |
| 4.\            |                |                |                |
| Otherwise, N1  |                |                |                |
| = 1.           |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

### 6.2D.2 Random access

#### 6.2D.2.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the UE regarding random access
procedure. The random access procedure is initiated to establish uplink
time synchronization for a UE which either has not acquired or has lost
its uplink synchronization, or to convey UE's request Other SI, or for
beam failure recovery. The random access is specified in clause 8 of TS
38.213 \[3\] and the control of the RACH transmission is specified in
clause 5.1 of TS 38.321 \[7\]. Two types of procedure are defined for
the random access, the 4-step RA type, and the 2-step RA type \[7\]. The
decision on which type of procedure to adopt is as described in clause
5.1.1 of TS 38.321 \[7\]. The requirements for the 4-step RA type
procedure are described in clause 6.2D.2.2, whereas the requirements for
the 2-step RA type procedure are described in the clause 6.2D.2.3 of
this specification.

#### 6.2D.2.2 Requirements for 4-step RA type

The requirements in clause 6.2.2.2 and sub-clauses under 6.2.2.2 shall
apply only for FR1 UE in NR SA operation mode.

#### 6.2D.2.3 Requirements for 2-step RA type

The requirements in clause 6.2.2.3 and sub-clauses under 6.2.2.3 shall
apply only for FR1 UE in NR SA operation mode.

### 6.2D.3 SA: RRC Connection Release with Redirection

#### 6.2D.3.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements on the UE regarding RRC connection
release with redirection procedure. RRC connection release with
redirection is initiated by the *RRCRelease* message with redirection to
NR from NR specified in TS 38.331 \[2\]. The RRC connection release with
redirection procedure is specified in clause 5.3.8 of TS 38.331 \[2\].

#### 6.2D.3.2 Requirements

##### 6.2D.3.2.1 RRC connection release with redirection to NR

The UE shall be capable of performing the RRC connection release with
redirection to the target NR cell within
T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~.

The time delay (T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~) is the time
between the end of the last slot containing the RRC command,
"*RRCRelease*" (TS 38.331 \[2\]) on the NR PDSCH and the time the UE
starts to send random access to the target NR cell. The time delay
(T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~) shall be less than:

T~connection\_release\_redirect\_NR~ = T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~ +
T~identify-NR~ + T~SI-NR~ + T~RACH~

The target NR cell shall be considered detectable when for each relevant
SSB, the following side conditions are met:

\- the conditions of SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.5 for
a corresponding NR Band are fulfilled.

T~RRC\_procedure\_delay~: It is the RRC procedure delay for processing
the received message "*RRCRelease*" as defined in clause 6.2.2 of TS
38.331 \[2\].

T~identify-NR~: It is the time to identify the target NR cell and
depends on the FR of the target NR cell. It is defined in table
6.2D.3.2.1-1. Note that T~identify-NR~ = T~PSS/SSS-sync~ + T~meas~, in
which T~PSS/SSS-sync~ is the cell search time and T~meas~ is the
measurement time due to cell selection criteria evaluation. T~SI-NR~: It
is the time required for acquiring all the relevant system information
of the target NR cell. This time depends upon whether the UE is provided
with the relevant system information of the target NR cell or not by the
old NR cell before the RRC connection is released.

T~RACH:~ It is the delay uncertainty in acquiring the first available
PRACH occasion in the target NR cell. T~RACH~ can be up to the summation
of SSB to PRACH occasion association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH
occasion associated period is defined in table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\].

T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity of the target NR cell if the UE has been
provided with an SMTC configuration for the target cell in the
redirection command, otherwise T~rs~ is the SMTC periodicity configured
in the *measObjectNR* having the same SSB frequency and subcarrier
spacing configured for the RRC connection release with redirection. If
the *measObjectNR*s with the same SSB frequency and subcarrier spacing
configured by MN and SN have different SMTC, T~rs~ is the periodicity of
one of the SMTC which is up to UE implementation. If the UE is not
provided with SMTC configuration or measurement object for the frequency
which is also configured for the RRC connection release with redirection
then:

\- the requirement in this clause is applied with T~rs~ = 20 ms if the
SSB transmission periodicity is not larger than 20 ms; otherwise,

\- there is no requirement if the SSB transmission periodicity is larger
than 20 ms.

Table 6.2D.3.2.1-1: Time to identify target NR cell for RRC connection
release with redirection to NR

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| FR of target NR cell             | T~identify-NR~                   |
+==================================+==================================+
| FR1                              | MAX (680 ms, 11 x N1^Note2^ x    |
|                                  | T~rs~)                           |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: If the UE has been       |                                  |
| provided with higher layer       |                                  |
| signalling of *smtc2* specified  |                                  |
| in TS 38.331 \[2\] prior to the  |                                  |
| redirection command, T~rs~       |                                  |
| follows *smtc1* or *smtc2*       |                                  |
| according to the physical cell   |                                  |
| ID of the target cell.           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: For ATG UEs capable of   |                                  |
| *antennaArrayType-r18*, N1 = 3   |                                  |
| when network assistance on ATG   |                                  |
| cells reference locations is     |                                  |
| provided, otherwise N1 = 4.\     |                                  |
| Otherwise, N1 = 1.               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

6.3 L1/L2-Triggered Mobility
----------------------------

### 6.3.1 LTM PCell Cell Switch

#### 6.3.1.1 Introduction

The purpose of LTM cell switch is to switch the PCell or PSCell to a
target cell indicated in LTM cell switch command. The requirements in
this section are applicable to LTM PCell switch.

The requirements in this clause are applicable to SA and NR-DC, and to
both intra-frequency and inter-frequency LTM cell switch.

The requirements for inter-frequency cell switch in this clause are only
applicable, when

\- network has configured UE to perform SSB based L3 measurement with
beam measurement reporting or L1 measurement for the target cell before
the cell switch command, or

\- the SFN of the serving cell from which cell switch command is
received and the SFN of the target cell are the same.

The requirements in this clause are applicable to SA for the following
scenarios:

> PCell switch to a neighbouring LTM candidate cell

\- FR1 cell to FR1 cell

\- FR1 cell to FR2 cell

\- FR2 cell to FR2 cell

\- FR2 cell to FR1 cell

> PCell switch to an LTM candidate cell that is a serving SCell in MCG

\- FR1 cell to FR1 cell

\- FR2 cell to FR2 cell

The requirements in this clause are applicable to NR-DC for the
following scenarios:

> PCell switch to a neighbouring LTM candidate cell

\- FR1 cell to FR1 cell

> PCell switch to an LTM candidate cell that is a serving SCell in MCG

\- FR1 cell to FR1 cell

The requirements in this section apply when

\- the target cell is known, and

\- the target joint UL/DL TCI state or separate UL and DL TCI states in
the MAC-CE LTM cell switch command are known, or

\- the target cell is an FR1 cell, and the UE has reported L3-RSRP
measurement result with SSB index associated to the target TCI state
within 5 seconds before receiving the LTM cell switch command, and SNR
of the SSB associated to the target TCI state ≥ -3dB,

\- **PL-RS is QCLed with RS of the TCI state indicated by LTM cell
switch command, and**

\- For CFRA cell switch, **RS of the TCI state indicated by LTM cell
switch command is QCLed with the SSB indicated for CFRA.**

The target cell in the LTM cell switch command is known if the following
conditions are met:

\- During the last 5 seconds before the reception of the cell switch
command:

\- The UE has sent a valid L1 or L3 measurement report for the target
cell, and

\- One of the SSBs measured from the NR target cell configured for
measurement remains detectable according to the cell identification
conditions specified in clause 9.2 for intra-frequency cell and in
clause 9.3 for inter-frequency cell,

\- One of the SSBs measured from the NR target cell configured for
measurement remains detectable according to the cell identification
conditions specified in clause 9.2 for intra-frequency cell and in
clause 9.3 for inter-frequency cell,

Otherwise, the cell is unknown.

The target joint DL/UL TCI state or separate DL and UL TCI states in the
LTM cell switch command are known if the following conditions are met:

\- During the period from the last transmission of the RS resource used
for the L1-RSRP measurement reporting for the target DL/UL TCI state to
the completion of LTM cell switch, where the RS resource for L1-RSRP
measurement is the RS in target DL/UL TCI state or QCLed to the target
DL/UL TCI state

\- LTM cell switch command is received within 1280 ms upon the last
transmission of the RS resource for beam reporting or measurement

\- The UE has sent at least 1 L1-RSRP report for the target DL/UL TCI
state before the LTM cell switch command

\- The target DL/UL TCI state remains detectable during the LTM cell
switching period

\- The SSB associated with the target DL/UL TCI state remain detectable
during the cell switching period

\- SNR of the TCI state ≥ -3dB

**Otherwise, the target joint DL/UL TCI state or separate DL and UL TCI
state is unknown.**

#### 6.3.1.2 LTM Cell Switch delay

LTM cell switch delay D~LTM~ is the delay from the end of the last TTI
containing the MAC-CE command for cell switch until the time the UE
transmits the first UL message on the target cell.

LTM cell switch delay is defined as:

D~LTM~ = T~cmd~ + T~LTM-interrupt~

Where:

T~cmd~ equals to T~HARQ~ + 3ms, where T~HARQ~ is the timing between cell
switch command and acknowledgement as specified in TS 38.213 \[3\].

T~LTM-interrupt~ is as stated in clause 6.3.1.3.

#### 6.3.1.3 Interruption time

The interruption time T~LTM-interrupt~ is the time from the end of
T~cmd~ stated in clause 6.3.1.2 until the time the UE transmits the
first UL message on the target cell.

T~LTM-interrupt~ = T~LTM-RRC-processing~ + T~LTM-processing~ +
**T~first-RS~** + T~RS-proc~ + T~LTM-IU~ ms,

Where:

T~LTM-RRC-processing~ is the time for ASN.1 decoding and
validity/compliance check for the RRC configuration of the LTM target
cell indicated in the LTM cell switch command.

T~LTM-RRC-processing~ = 0, if the UE supports
*ltm-FastProcessingConfig-r18* capability, and:

\- The number of LTM candidate cell configurations does not exceed
*maxNumberConfigs-r18* and the number of the configured serving cells
and the cells in the LTM configuration does not exceed
*maxNumberStoredConfigCells-r18*, or

\- The following conditions are fulfilled for the target cell:

\- UE has received LTM candidate cell TCI state activation command for
the target cell at least T~HARQ~ + 13 ms before the LTM cell switch
command, and/or

\- UE has received PDCCH order for early RACH for the target cell at
least N~T,2~+10 ms before the LTM cell switch command, where N~T,2~ is
defined in section 8.1 of TS 38.213 \[3\], and

\- The total number of LTM candidate cells for which TCI state(s) were
activated or PDCCH order was received before the cell switch command
does not exceed *maxNumberConfigs-r18*, and the total number of serving
cells and the cells in the LTM configuration for which TCI state(s) were
activated and/or PDCCH order was received before the cell switch does
not exceed *maxNumberStoredConfigCells-r18.*

> Otherwise T~LTM-RRC-processing~ = 10 ms.
>
> T~LTM-processing~ is the time for UE processing, consisting of
> applying the target cell parameters and L1/L2 change.
>
> If the UE supports *ltm-FastUE-Processing-r18* capability, the value
> of T~LTM-processing~ equals to

\- *fr1-r18* for FR1 to FR1 LTM cell switch.

\- *fr2-r18 for* FR2 to FR2 LTM cell switch.

\- *fr1-AndFR2-r18* for FR1 to FR2 and FR2 to FR1 LTM cell switch.

> Otherwise, the value of T~LTM-processing~ equals to

\- 20 ms for FR1 to FR1 and FR2 to FR2 LTM cell switch.

\- 40 ms for FR1 to FR2 and FR2 to FR1 LTM cell switch.

> **T~first-RS~ is** the time for fine time tracking and acquiring full
> timing information of the target cell.
>
> T~RS-proc~ **is the time for SSB processing.**
>
> **T~first-RS~** = 0 and T~RS-proc~= 0 under the following conditions:
>
> \- The target TCI state indicated in the LTM cell switch command is in
> the serving cell active TCI state list, or
>
> \- The UE is configured with LTM L1 intra- and/or inter-frequency
> measurements for the target cell, and
>
> \- The target TCI state in the cell switch command is in the LTM
> candidate cell active TCI state list, and

\- the time between receiving the LTM candidate cell TCI state
activation MAC-CE and the cell switch command is at least TCI state
activation delay stated in section 8.25.3 and

\- the time between receiving the LTM candidate cell TCI state
activation MAC-CE and the cell switch command is not more than TCI state
activation delay stated in section 8.25.3 + 160 ms, or

\- the measurement period of the SSB associated to target TCI state is
not larger than 160 ms after the LTM candidate cell TCI state activation
MAC-CE is received, or

> \- The target cell is an FR1 cell, and the UE is not configured with
> LTM L1 intra- and/or inter-frequency measurements for the target cell,
> and
>
> \- The target TCI state in the cell switch command is in the LTM
> candidate cell active TCI state list, and

\- the time between receiving the LTM candidate cell TCI state
activation MAC-CE and the cell switch command is at least TCI state
activation delay stated in section 8. 25.3, and not more than

\- TCI state activation delay stated in section 8. 25.3 + 480 ms for an
intra-frequency target cell, or

> NOTE: longer L3 measurement delay may be expected for 480 ms after TCI
> state activation delay stated in section 8.25.3.

\- TCI state activation delay stated in section 8. 25.3 + 160 ms for an
inter-frequency target cell, or

> \- The time between the latest PDCCH ordered RACH preamble
> transmission on the target cell and the cell switch command is not
> more than 160 ms.
>
> Otherwise,
>
> **T~first-RS~** is the time to the first SSB transmission on the
> target cell after T~cmd~ + T~LTM-RRC-processing~ + T~LTM-processing~.
>
> T~RS-proc~ = 2 ms.
>
> T~LTM-IU~ is the interruption uncertainty during LTM cell switch.
>
> For RACH-based LTM cell switch, T~LTM-IU~ is the interruption
> uncertainty in acquiring the first available PRACH occasion in the new
> cell. T~LTM-IU~ can be up to the summation of SSB to PRACH occasion
> association period and 10 ms. SSB to PRACH occasion associated period
> is defined in the table 8.1-1 of TS 38.213 \[3\].
>
> For RACH-less LTM cell switch, T~LTM-IU\_~is the uncertainty on
> transmitting the first uplink transmission on the target cell.

7 Timing
========

7.1 UE transmit timing
----------------------

### 7.1.1 Introduction

The UE shall have capability to follow the frame timing change of the
reference cell in RRC\_CONNECTED state or when transmitting PUSCH on CG
resources for SDT in RRC\_INACTIVE. The uplink frame transmission takes
place
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} \right) \times T_{c}$
before the reception of the first detected path (in time) of the
corresponding downlink frame from the reference cell. For serving
cell(s) in pTAG, UE shall use the SpCell as the reference cell for
deriving the UE transmit timing for cells in the pTAG. For serving
cell(s) in sTAG, UE shall use any of the activated SCells as the
reference cell for deriving the UE transmit timing for the cells in the
sTAG. UE initial transmit timing accuracy and gradual timing adjustment
requirements are defined in the following requirements.

In the requirements of clause 7.1.2, the term reference cell on a
carrier frequency subject to CCA is not available at the UE refers to
when at least one SSB is configured by gNB, but the first two successive
candidate SSB positions for the same SSB index within the discovery
burst transmission window are not available **during at least one
discovery burst transmission window,** at the UE due to DL CCA failures
at gNB during the last 1280 ms; otherwise the reference cell on the
carrier frequency subject to CCA is considered as available at the UE.

For UE supporting *rach-EarlyTA-Measurement-r18* for LTM, and if the
candidate cell is a neighbour cell or a secondary serving cell without
uplink carrier,

\- UE shall have capability to follow the frame timing of the reference
cell. The PRACH transmission for early TA acquisition takes place
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} \right) \times T_{c}$
before the reception of the first detected path (in time) of the
corresponding downlink frame from the reference cell. UE shall use this
candidate cell as the reference cell for deriving transmit timing. UE
initial transmit timing accuracy is defined in the following
requirements.

For multi-DCI based multi-TRP operation with two TAs, for each TAG, the
uplink transmission timing takes place
$(N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}}) \times T_{c}$ before the
reception of the downlink reference point.

For multi-DCI based multi-TRP operation with two TAs, the reference
point for PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS, is the first detected path (in time) of one
of the corresponding downlink reference signal(s) of the reference cell
associated with one of the *DLorJointTCIState* TS 38.331 \[2\] having
the same TAG as the uplink signal.

For multi-DCI based multi-TRP operation with two TAs if the UE is not
provided *SSB-MTC-AdditionalPCI*, the reference point for PRACH
transmission triggered by PDCCH order, is the first detected path (in
time) of one of the downlink reference signal(s) in the DL or joint TCI
state of the reference cell associated with the same coresetPoolIndex as
PDCCH carrying PDCCH order if PRACH association indicator is 0, and that
of the other coresetPoolIndex if PRACH association indicator is 1.

For multi-DCI based multi-TRP operation with two TAs if the UE is
provided *SSB-MTC-AdditionalPCI*, the reference point for PRACH
transmission triggered by PDCCH order,

\- if "PRACH association indicator" is 0, the reference timing is the
first detected path (in time) of one of the corresponding downlink
reference signal(s) of DL TCI state(s) of the reference cell associated
with the first TAG.

\- if "PRACH association indicator" is 1, the reference timing is the
first detected path (in time) of one of the corresponding downlink
reference signal(s) of DL TCI state(s) of the reference cell associated
with the second TAG.

Where $N_{\text{TA}}$ and $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ are commanded by the
network independently for each TAG TS 38.331 \[2\].
$N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ for first TAG and second TAG are as defined in
n-TimingAdvanceOffset and n-TimingAdvanceOffset2 respectively, if
configured, otherwise it is $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ defined in table
7.1.2-2.

In the requirements of clause 7.1.2, the SSB applies for both CD-SSB and
NCD-SSB if the UE supports *ncd-SSB-BWP-Wor-r18*.

### 7.1.2 Requirements

The UE initial transmission timing error shall be less than or equal to
±T~e~ where the timing error limit value T~e~ is specified in table
7.1.2-1. This requirement applies:

\- when it is the first transmission in a DRX cycle for PUCCH, PUSCH and
SRS, or it is the PRACH transmission, or it is the msgA transmission, or
it is the first transmission sent on the PSCell for activating the
deactivated SCG without RACH.

\- when it is the transmission for PUSCH on CG resources for SDT in
RRC\_INACTIVE.

\- when it is the first transmission on target cell after UE receives
LTM cell switch command.

When the UL SCS is 120 kHz or smaller, the UE shall meet the Te
requirement for an initial transmission provided that at least one SSB
is available at the UE during the last 160 ms. When the UL SCS is 480
kHz the UE shall meet the Te requirement for an initial transmission
provided that at least one SSB is available in the last 80 ms. When the
UL SCS is 960 kHz the UE shall meet the Te requirement for an initial
transmission provided that at least one SSB is available in the last 40
ms.

The reference point for the UE initial transmit timing control
requirement shall be the downlink timing of the reference cell minus
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} \right) \times T_{c}$. The
downlink timing is defined as the time when the first path (in time) of
the corresponding downlink frame used by the UE to determine downlink
timing is received from the reference cell at the UE antenna.
$N_{\text{TA}}$ for PRACH is defined as 0.

$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} \right) \times T_{c}$ (in
*T~c~* units) for other channels is the difference between UE
transmission timing and the downlink timing immediately after when the
last timing advance in clause 7.3 was applied. $N_{\text{TA}}$ for other
channels is not changed until next timing advance is received. The value
of $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}\ $depends on the duplex mode of the cell in
which the uplink transmission takes place and the frequency range (FR).
$N_{\text{TA\ offset}}\ $is defined in table 7.1.2-2.

For multi-DCI based multi-TRP operation with two TAs for first
transmission in a DRX cycle for PUCCH, PUSCH, SRS and PRACH transmission
triggered by PDCCH order, UE initial transmission timing error
requirements specified in this clause is applicable for each TAG and
shall be met for each TAG separately. The reference point for each TAG
for the PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS and PRACH transmission triggered by PDCCH order
is defined in clause 7.1.1.

Table 7.1.2-1: T~e~ Timing Error Limit

  Frequency Range                                                    SCS of SSB signals (kHz)   SCS of uplink signals (kHz)   T~e~
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------- ----------------------------- ----------------
  1                                                                  15                         15                            12\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                30                            10\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                60                            10\*64\*T~c~
                                                                     30                         15                            8\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                30                            8\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                60                            7\*64\*T~c~
  2-1                                                                120                        60                            3.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                120                           3.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                     240                        60                            3\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                120                           3\*64\*T~c~
  2-2                                                                120                        120                           3.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                480                           1.58\*64\*T~c~
                                                                     480                        120                           2.86\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                480                           1.35\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                960                           0.90\*64\*T~c~
                                                                     960                        120                           2.80\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                480                           1.13\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                960                           0.86\*64\*T~c~
  NOTE 1: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\]                                                            

Table 7.1.2-2: The Value of $\mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{\text{TA\ offset}}}$

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Frequency range and band of cell | $\mathbf{N}_{\mathbf{\text       |
| used for uplink transmission     | {TA\ offset}}}\mathbf{\ }$(Unit: |
|                                  | T~C~)                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| FR1 FDD or TDD band with neither | 25600 (Note 1)                   |
| E-UTRA--NR nor NB-IoT--NR        |                                  |
| coexistence case                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| FR1 FDD band with E-UTRA--NR     | 0 (Note 1)                       |
| and/or NB-IoT--NR coexistence    |                                  |
| case                             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| FR1 TDD band with E-UTRA--NR     | 39936 (Note 1)                   |
| and/or NB-IoT--NR coexistence    |                                  |
| case                             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| FR2                              | 13792                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Note 1: The UE identifies        |                                  |
| $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ based on |                                  |
| the information                  |                                  |
| n-TimingAdvanceOffset as         |                                  |
| specified in TS 38.331 \[2\]. If |                                  |
| UE is not provided with the      |                                  |
| information                      |                                  |
| n-TimingAdvanceOffset, the       |                                  |
| default value of                 |                                  |
| $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ is set   |                                  |
| as 25600 for FR1 band. In case   |                                  |
| of multiple UL carriers in the   |                                  |
| same TAG, UE expects that the    |                                  |
| same value of                    |                                  |
| n-TimingAdvanceOffset is         |                                  |
| provided for all the UL carriers |                                  |
| according to clause 4.2 in       |                                  |
| TS 38.213 \[3\] and the value    |                                  |
| 39936 of $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ |                                  |
| can also be provided for an FDD  |                                  |
| serving cell.                    |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| Note 2: Void                     |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

When it is not the first transmission in a DRX cycle or there is no DRX
cycle, and when it is the transmission for PUCCH, PUSCH and SRS
transmission, the UE shall be capable of changing the transmission
timing according to the received downlink frame of the reference cell
except when the timing advance in clause 7.3 is applied.

Table 7.1.2-3: void

If the UE uses a reference cell on a carrier frequency subject to CCA
for deriving the UE transmit timing, then the UE shall meet all the
transmit timing requirements defined in clause 7.1.2 provided that the
reference cell is available at the UE. If the reference cell is not
available at the UE on a carrier frequency subject to CCA, then the UE
is allowed to transmit in the uplink provided that the UE meets all the
transmit timing requirements defined in clause 7.1.2; otherwise the UE
shall not transmit any uplink signal.

If a reference cell on a carrier frequency belonging to the pTAG, which
is subject to CCA, is not available at the UE then the UE is allowed to
use any of available activated SCell(s) at the UE in pTAG as a new
reference cell. If the SCell used as reference cell is deactivated, or
becomes not available, the UE is allowed to use another active serving
cell in pTAG as new reference cell.

If a reference cell on a carrier frequency belonging to the sTAG, which
is subject to CCA is not available at the UE then the UE is allowed to
use any of available activated SCell(s) at the UE in sTAG as a new
reference cell.

#### 7.1.2.1 Gradual timing adjustment

Requirements in this section shall apply regardless of whether the
reference cell is on a carrier frequency subject to CCA or not.

When the transmission timing error between the UE and the reference
timing exceeds ±T~e~ then the UE shall adjust the timing such that
timing error is to within ±T~e~. The reference timing shall be
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} \right) \times T_{c}$
before the downlink timing of the reference cell. All adjustments made
to the UE uplink timing shall follow these rules:

1\) The maximum amount of the magnitude of the timing change in one
adjustment shall be T~q~.

2\) The minimum aggregate adjustment rate shall be T~p~ per second.

3\) The maximum aggregate adjustment rate shall be T~q~ per 200 ms for
SCS of UL signals smaller or equal to 120 kHz and 100 ms for SCS of
uplink signals larger or equal to 480 kHz.

where the maximum autonomous time adjustment step T~q~ and the aggregate
adjustment rate T~p~ are specified in table 7.1.2.1-1.

For multi-DCI based multi-TRP operation with two TAs, gradual timing
adjustment specified in this clause applies for each TAG and shall be
met for each TAG. The reference point for each TAG for the
PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS and PRACH transmission triggered by PDCCH order is
defined in clause 7.1.1.

Table 7.1.2.1-1: T~q~ Maximum Autonomous Time Adjustment Step and T~p~
Minimum Aggregate Adjustment rate

+-----------------+-----------------+---------------+---------------+
| Frequency Range | SCS of uplink   | T~q~          | T~p~          |
|                 | signals (kHz)   |               |               |
+=================+=================+===============+===============+
| 1               | 15              | 5.5\*64\*T~c~ | 5.5\*64\*T~c~ |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------+---------------+
|                 | 30              | 5.5\*64\*T~c~ | 5.5\*64\*T~c~ |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------+---------------+
|                 | 60              | 5.5\*64\*T~c~ | 5.5\*64\*T~c~ |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------+---------------+
| 2-1             | 60              | K\*64\*T~c~   | 2.5\*64\*T~c~ |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------+---------------+
|                 | 120             | K\*64\*T~c~   | 2.5\*64\*T~c~ |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------+---------------+
| 2-2             | 120             | 2.5\*64\*T~c~ | 2.5\*64\*T~c~ |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------+---------------+
|                 | 480             | 0.8\*64\*T~c~ | 0.8\*64\*T~c~ |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------+---------------+
|                 | 960             | 0.8\*64\*T~c~ | 0.8\*64\*T~c~ |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: T~c~ is |                 |               |               |
| the basic       |                 |               |               |
| timing unit     |                 |               |               |
| defined in TS   |                 |               |               |
| 38.211 \[6\]    |                 |               |               |
|                 |                 |               |               |
| NOTE 2: When    |                 |               |               |
| *highSpeedM     |                 |               |               |
| easFlagFR2-r17* |                 |               |               |
| is configured   |                 |               |               |
| for UE          |                 |               |               |
| supporting      |                 |               |               |
| power class 6,  |                 |               |               |
| K = 4.5;        |                 |               |               |
| otherwise, K =  |                 |               |               |
| 2.5.            |                 |               |               |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------+---------------+

#### 7.1.2.2 Void

Table 7.1.2.2-1: Void

#### 7.1.2.3 One shot large UL timing adjustment for FR2 Power Class 6 UE

When *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* is configured and
*highSpeedLargeOneStepUL-TimingFR2-r17* is enabled for UE supporting FR2
power class 6 and *ue-OneShotUL-TimingAdj-r17* capability, the following
requirements apply to the UE:

> If the UE also indicates to support *tci-StateSwitchInd-r18* and
> *cross-RRH TCI state indicator for UE-specific PDCCH MAC-CE as
> specified in Clause 6.1.3.77 of TS 38.321 \[7\]* is indicated as '1'
> for the TCI state switch
>
> \- the UE transmit timing immediately after TCI state switch shall be
> ${T_{\text{new}} - (N}_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}}) + 2 \times \ (T_{\text{old}} - T_{\text{new}})$
> and clause 7.1.2.1 requirements do not apply.
>
> \- The UE UL transmission timing error after the TCI state switching
> procedure shall be less than or equal to ±T~e~ as specified in clause
> 7.1.2 if the new target TCI state is within active TCI state list,
> otherwise ±7\*64\*T~c~, and the reference point is
> ${T_{\text{new}} - (N}_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}}) + 2 \times \ (T_{\text{old}} - T_{\text{new}})$.
>
> If the UE also indicates to support *tci-StateSwitchInd-r18* and
> *cross-RRH TCI state indicator for UE-specific PDCCH MAC-CE as
> specified in Clause 6.1.3.77 of TS 38.321 \[7\]* is indicated as '0'
> for the TCI state switch
>
> \- the requirement in clause 7.1.2.1 apply to the first UL
> transmission after a TCI state switch.
>
> If the UE does not indicate to support *tci-StateSwitchInd-r18* or
> *cross-RRH TCI state indicator for UE-specific PDCCH MAC-CE as
> specified in Clause 6.1.3.77 of TS 38.321 \[7\]* is not indicated for
> the TCI state switch
>
> \- If the absolute value
> $\left| T_{\text{old}} - T_{\text{new}} \right| \leq CP/4$, the
> requirements in clause 7.1.2.1 apply to the first UL transmission
> after a TCI state switch.
>
> \- Otherwise, the UE transmit timing immediately after TCI state
> switch shall be
> ${T_{\text{new}} - (N}_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}}) + 2 \times \ (T_{\text{old}} - T_{\text{new}})$
> and clause 7.1.2.1 requirements do not apply.
>
> \- The UE UL transmission timing error after the TCI state switching
> procedure shall be less than or equal to ±T~e~ as specified in clause
> 7.1.2 if the new target TCI state is within active TCI state list,
> otherwise ±7\*64\*T~c~, and the reference point is
> ${T_{\text{new}} - (N}_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}}) + 2 \times \ (T_{\text{old}} - T_{\text{new}})$.
>
> Above,
>
> \- $T_{\text{new}}$ (in $T_{c}$ units) is the DL timing defined as the
> time when UE receives downlink frame with new target TCI state.
>
> \- $T_{\text{old}}\ $ (in $T_{c}$ units) is the DL timing defined as
> the time when UE receives downlink frame with old source TCI state.

#### 7.1.2.4 UE transmit timing for positioning measurements

If cell reselection occurs in RRC\_INACTIVE within
*srs-PosRRC-InactiveValidityArea area*, the UE shall have capability to
follow the frame timing change of the reference cell when transmitting
SRS for positioning. The uplink frame transmission takes place
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} \right) \times T_{c}$
before the reception of the first detected path (in time) of the
corresponding downlink frame from the reference cell. The UE shall use
the current camping cell as reference cell for deriving the UE transmit
timing.

When *autonomousTA-AdjustmentEnabled-r18* is configured, the following
requirements apply to the UE supporting *posUE-TA-AutoAdjustment-r18*
upon cell reselection to a new camping cell within the SRS validity area
(*srs-PosRRC-InactiveValidityArea*):

If the absolute value of the DL timing difference between the new
camping cell and the previous camping cell immediately after cell
reselection is ≥ CP/4, UE shall autonomously adjust the TA as

$$\text{TA}_{\text{adjusted}} = \text{TA}_{\text{old}} + 2*\left( T_{\text{new}} - T_{\text{old}} \right)$$

where $\text{TA}_{\text{adjusted}}$ and $\text{TA}_{\text{old}}$ are the
TA after adjustment in the new camping cell and TA applied in previous
camping cell, respectively, $T_{\text{new}}$ is the DL timing of the new
camping cell immediatedly after cell reselection and $T_{\text{old}}$ is
the DL timing of the previous camping cell immediately before cell
reselection.

\- The UE UL transmission timing error after autonomous TA adjustment
shall be less than or equal to ±T~e~ in clause 7.1.2.

\- If the TA value would be negative after applying the autonomous TA
adjustment, the TA is set to zero. i.e. the TA applied in the new
camping cell shall be set to
$\text{max}\left( TA_{\text{adjusted}},\ 0 \right)$.

If the DL timing difference is \< CP/4, UE follows the DL timing of the
new camping cell by performing gradual timing adjustment as defined in
clause 7.1.2.1.

7.1A UE transmit timing for RedCap
----------------------------------

### 7.1A.1 Introduction

The UE shall have capability to follow the frame timing change of the
reference cell in RRC\_CONNECTED state or when transmitting PUSCH on CG
resources for SDT in RRC\_INACTIVE. The uplink frame transmission takes
place
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} \right) \times T_{c}$
before the reception of the first detected path (in time) of the
corresponding downlink frame from the reference cell. UE initial
transmit timing accuracy and gradual timing adjustment requirements are
defined in the following requirements.

### 7.1A.2 Requirements

The UE initial transmission timing error shall be less than or equal to
±T~e~ where the timing error limit value T~e~ is specified in table
7.1A.2-1. This requirement applies:

\- when it is the first transmission in a DRX cycle for PUCCH, PUSCH and
SRS, or it is the PRACH transmission, or it is the msgA transmission.

\- when it is the transmission for PUSCH on CG resources for SDT in
RRC\_INACTIVE.

The UE shall meet the Te requirement for an initial transmission
provided that at least one SSB (CD-SSB or NCD-SSB) is available at the
UE for acquiring the frame timing of the reference cell during the last
160 ms on the condition that:

\- the SSB is within the UE's active *BWP*, or

\- the SSB is not within the UE's active *BWP*, and the measurement gap
is configured.

The reference point for the UE initial transmit timing control
requirement shall be the downlink timing of the reference cell minus
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} \right) \times T_{c}$. The
downlink timing is defined as the time when the first path (in time) of
the corresponding downlink frame used by the UE to determine downlink
timing is received from the reference cell at UE antenna.
$N_{\text{TA}}$ for PRACH is defined as 0.

$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} \right) \times T_{c}$ (in
*T~c~* units) for other channels is the difference between UE
transmission timing and the downlink timing immediately after when the
last timing advance in clause 7.3A was applied. $N_{\text{TA}}$ for
other channels is not changed until next timing advance is received. The
value of $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}\ $depends on the duplex mode of the cell
in which the uplink transmission takes place and the frequency range
(FR). $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}\ $is defined in table 7.1A.2-2.

Table 7.1A.2-1: T~e~ Timing Error Limit

  ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------
  Frequency Range                                                    SCS of SSB signals (kHz)   SCS of uplink signals (kHz)   T~e~
  1                                                                  15                         15                            12\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                30                            10\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                60                            10\*64\*T~c~
                                                                     30                         15                            8\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                30                            8\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                60                            7\*64\*T~c~
  2                                                                  120                        60                            3.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                120                           3.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                     240                        60                            3\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                120                           3\*64\*T~c~
  NOTE 1: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\]                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------

Table 7.1A.2-2: The Value of
$\mathbf{N}_{\text{TA\ offset}}$![](./media/image8.wmf){width="0.5409722222222222in"
height="0.20555555555555555in"}

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Frequency range and band of cell | $\mathbf{N}_{\tex                |
| used for uplink transmission     | t{TA\ offset}}\mathbf{\ }$(Unit: |
|                                  | T~C~)                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| FR1 FDD or TDD band with neither | 25600 (Note 1)                   |
| E-UTRA--NR nor NB-IoT--NR        |                                  |
| coexistence case                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| FR1 FDD band with E-UTRA--NR     | 0 (Note 1)                       |
| and/or NB-IoT--NR coexistence    |                                  |
| case                             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| FR1 TDD band with E-UTRA--NR     | 39936 (Note 1)                   |
| and/or NB-IoT--NR coexistence    |                                  |
| case                             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| FR2                              | 13792                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Note 1: The UE identifies        |                                  |
| $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ based on |                                  |
| the information                  |                                  |
| n-TimingAdvanceOffset as         |                                  |
| specified in TS 38.331 \[2\]. If |                                  |
| UE is not provided with the      |                                  |
| information                      |                                  |
| n-TimingAdvanceOffset, the       |                                  |
| default value of                 |                                  |
| $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ is set   |                                  |
| as 25600 for FR1 band.           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| Note 2: Void                     |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

When it is not the first transmission in a DRX cycle or there is no DRX
cycle, and when it is the transmission for PUCCH, PUSCH and SRS
transmission, the UE shall be capable of changing the transmission
timing according to the received downlink frame of the reference cell
except when the timing advance in clause 7.3A is applied.

#### 7.1A.2.1 Gradual timing adjustment

When the transmission timing error between the UE and the reference
timing exceeds ±T~e~ then the UE is required to adjust its timing to
within ±T~e~. The reference timing shall be
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} \right) \times T_{c}$
before the downlink timing of the reference cell. All adjustments made
to the UE uplink timing shall follow these rules:

1\) The maximum amount of the magnitude of the timing change in one
adjustment shall be T~q~.

2\) The minimum aggregate adjustment rate shall be T~p~ per second.

3\) The maximum aggregate adjustment rate shall be T~q~ per 200 ms.

where the maximum autonomous time adjustment step T~q~ and the aggregate
adjustment rate T~p~ are specified in table 7.1A.2.1-1.

Table 7.1A.2.1-1: T~q~ Maximum Autonomous Time Adjustment Step and T~p~
Minimum Aggregate Adjustment rate

  ---------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------------- ---------------
  Frequency Range                                                  SCS of uplink signals (kHz)   T~q~            T~p~
  1                                                                15                            5.5\*64\*T~c~   5.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                   30                            5.5\*64\*T~c~   5.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                   60                            5.5\*64\*T~c~   5.5\*64\*T~c~
  2                                                                60                            2.5\*64\*T~c~   2.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                   120                           2.5\*64\*T~c~   2.5\*64\*T~c~
  NOTE: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\]                                                 
  ---------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- --------------- ---------------

#### 7.1A.2.2 UE transmit timing for positioning measurements

The requirements defined in clasue 7.1.2.4 shall apply for this clause.

7.1C UE transmit timing for Satellite Access
--------------------------------------------

### 7.1C.1 Introduction

The UE shall have capability to follow the frame timing change of the
reference cell in RRC\_CONNECTED state. The uplink frame transmission
takes place
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}} \right) \times T_{\text{c}}$
before the reception of the first detected path (in time) of the
corresponding downlink frame from the reference cell. UE initial
transmit timing accuracy and gradual timing adjustment requirements are
defined in the following requirements.

### 7.1C.2 Requirements

The UE initial transmission timing error shall be less than or equal to
±T~e\_NTN~ where the timing error limit value T~e\_NTN~:

\- is specified in table 7.1C.2-1 for FR1-NTN.

\- is specified in table 7.1C.2-2 and table 7.1C.2-3 for VSAT UE in
FR2-NTN.

This requirement applies:

\- when it is the first transmission in a DRX cycle for PUCCH, PUSCH and
SRS, or it is the PRACH transmission, or it is the msgA transmission.

The UE shall meet the T~e\_NTN~ requirement for an initial transmission
provided that at least one SSB is available at the UE during the last
160 ms. The reference point for the UE initial transmit timing control
requirement shall be the downlink timing of the reference cell minus
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA-offset}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}} \right) \times T_{\text{c}}$.

The downlink timing is defined as the time when the first path (in time)
of the corresponding downlink frame used by the UE to determine downlink
timing is received from the reference cell at the UE antenna.

$N_{\text{TA}}$ for PRACH is defined as 0.
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}} \right) \times T_{\text{c}}$
(in *T*~c~ units) for other channels is the difference between UE
transmission timing and the downlink timing immediately after when the
last timing advance in clause 7.3C was applied. or after the last update
in $N_{TA,adj}^{\text{common}}$ or $N_{TA,adj}^{\text{UE}}$.

The value of $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ depends on the duplex mode of the
cell in which the uplink transmission takes place and the frequency
range (FR). $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$is defined in table 7.1.2-2 for
FR1-NTN.

$N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ is defined in table 7.1C.2-4 for VSAT UE in
FR2-NTN.

$N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}}$ and $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$
are defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].

Table 7.1C.2-1: T~e\_NTN~ Timing Error Limit

  ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------- ----------------------------- --------------
  Frequency Range                                                    SCS of SSB signals (kHz)   SCS of uplink signals (kHz)   T~e\_NTN~
  FR1-NTN                                                            15                         15                            29\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                30                            24\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                60                            N/A
                                                                     30                         15                            24\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                30                            22\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                60                            N/A
  NOTE 1: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\]                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------- ----------------------------- --------------

Table 7.1C.2-2: T~e\_NTN~ Timing Error Limit for fixed VSAT is served by
GSO and fixed VSAT is served by NGSO

  ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------
  Frequency Range                                                    SCS of SSB signals (kHz)   SCS of uplink signals (kHz)   T~e\_NTN~
  FR2-NTN                                                            120                        60                            13\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                120                           7.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                     240                        60                            13\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                120                           7.5\*64\*T~c~
  NOTE 1: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\]                                                            
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------

Table 7.1C.2-3: T~e\_NTN~ Timing Error Limit for mobile VSAT is served
by GSO

+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
| Frequency      | SCS of SSB     | SCS of uplink  | T~e\_NTN~     |
| Range          | signals (kHz)  | signals (kHz)  |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
| FR2-NTN        | 120            | 60             | 13\*64\*T~c~  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
|                |                | 120            | 7.5\*64\*T~c~ |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
|                | 240            | 60             | 13\*64\*T~c~  |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
|                |                | 120            | 7.5\*64\*T~c~ |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: T~c~   |                |                |               |
| is the basic   |                |                |               |
| timing unit    |                |                |               |
| defined in TS  |                |                |               |
| 38.211 \[6\]   |                |                |               |
|                |                |                |               |
| NOTE 2:        |                |                |               |
| T~e\_NTN~ for  |                |                |               |
| 120 kHz UL SCS |                |                |               |
| applies under  |                |                |               |
| all the        |                |                |               |
| following      |                |                |               |
| conditions:\   |                |                |               |
| - LOS channel  |                |                |               |
| between UE and |                |                |               |
| each GNSS      |                |                |               |
| satellite\     |                |                |               |
| - The GNSS     |                |                |               |
| signal power   |                |                |               |
| level greater  |                |                |               |
| than or equal  |                |                |               |
| to the         |                |                |               |
| applicable     |                |                |               |
| value          |                |                |               |
| specified in   |                |                |               |
| Table 6.2-1 of |                |                |               |
| TS 38.171\     |                |                |               |
| - The GNSS     |                |                |               |
| satellite      |                |                |               |
| allocation is  |                |                |               |
| no less than   |                |                |               |
| the applicable |                |                |               |
| value          |                |                |               |
| speicifed in   |                |                |               |
| Table 6.2-2 of |                |                |               |
| TS 38.171\     |                |                |               |
| - The velocity |                |                |               |
| change within  |                |                |               |
| one second     |                |                |               |
| does not       |                |                |               |
| result in the  |                |                |               |
| position       |                |                |               |
| difference     |                |                |               |
| with respect   |                |                |               |
| to the         |                |                |               |
| projected      |                |                |               |
| position,      |                |                |               |
| based on the   |                |                |               |
| position and   |                |                |               |
| velocity       |                |                |               |
| obtained one   |                |                |               |
| second before, |                |                |               |
| exceeding 10   |                |                |               |
| meters.        |                |                |               |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+---------------+

Fixed VSAT and mobile VSAT are defined in TS 38.101-5 \[43\].

Table 7.1C.2-4: The Value of
$\mathbf{N}_{\text{TA\ offset}}\mathbf{\ }$for VSAT in FR2-NTN

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
  Frequency range and band of cell used for uplink transmission                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $\mathbf{N}_{\text{TA\ offset}}$(Unit: T~C~)
  FR2-NTN                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0
  Note 1: The UE identifies $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ based on the information n-TimingAdvanceOffset as specified in TS 38.331 \[2\]. If UE is not provided with the information n-TimingAdvanceOffset, the default value of $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ is set as 0 for FR2-NTN band.   
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------

When it is not the first transmission in a DRX cycle or there is no DRX
cycle, and when it is the transmission for PUCCH, PUSCH including PUSCH
transmissions in Time Domain Window when *pusch-DMRS-Bundling* is
enabled, and SRS transmission, the UE shall be capable of changing the
transmission timing according to the received downlink frame of the
reference cell, the updating of $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}}$ and
the updating of $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$, except when the timing
advance in clause 7.3C is applied.

#### 7.1C.2.1 Gradual timing adjustment

When the transmission timing error between the UE and the reference
timing exceeds ±T~e\_NTN~ then the UE shall adjust the timing such that
timing error is to within ±T~e\_NTN~. The reference timing shall be
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA\ offset}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}} \right) \times T_{\text{c}}$
before the downlink timing of the reference cell. All adjustments made
to the UE uplink timing shall follow these rules:

1\) The maximum amount of the magnitude of the timing change, apart from
a change of $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$ due to satellite position
update and $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}}$ between the previous
transmission and the current transmission, in one adjustment shall be
T~q\_NTN~.

2\) The minimum aggregate adjustment rate, apart from a change of
$N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$ due to satellite position update and
$N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}}$ during the last one second, shall be
T~p\_NTN~ per second.

3a) For a FR1-NTN UE or a FR2-NTN fixed UE, the maximum aggregate
adjustment rate, apart from a change of $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$
due to satelliteposition update and $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}}$
during the last 200 ms, shall be T~q\_NTN~ per 200 ms.

3b) For a FR2-NTN mobile UE , the maximum aggregate adjustment rate,
apart from a change of $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$ due to satellite
position update and $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}}$ during the last
200 ms, shall be 3 \* T~q\_NTN~ per 200 ms.

Where, the maximum autonomous time adjustment step T~q\_NTN~ and the
aggregate adjustment rate T~p\_NTN~ are specified in table 7.1C.2.1-1.

**Table 7.1C.2.1-1: T~q\_NTN~ Maximum Autonomous Time Adjustment Step
and T~p\_NTN~ Minimum Aggregate Adjustment rate**

  ---------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- --------------- ---------------
  **Frequency Range**                                              **SCS of uplink signals (kHz)**   **T~q\_NTN~**   **T~p\_NTN~**
  FR1-NTN                                                          15                                5.5\*64\*T~c~   5.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                   30                                5.5\*64\*T~c~   5.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                   60                                N/A             N/A
  FR2-NTN                                                          60                                2.5\*64\*T~c~   2.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                   120                               2.5\*64\*T~c~   2.5\*64\*T~c~
  NOTE: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\]                                                     
  ---------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- --------------- ---------------

7.1D UE transmit timing for ATG
-------------------------------

### 7.1D.1 Introduction

The ATG UE shall have capability to follow the frame timing change of
the reference cell in RRC\_CONNECTED state. The uplink frame
transmission takes place
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA}\text{\ }\text{offset}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}} \right) \times T_{\text{c}}$
before the reception of the first detected path (in time) of the
corresponding downlink frame from the reference cell. ATG UE initial
transmit timing accuracy and gradual timing adjustment requirements are
defined in the following paragraphs.

### 7.1D.2 Requirements

The ATG UE initial transmission timing error shall be less than or equal
to ±T~e\_ATG~ where the timing error limit value T~e\_ATG~ is specified
in table 7.1D.2-1. This requirement applies:

\- when it is the first transmission in a DRX cycle for PUCCH, PUSCH and
SRS, or it is the PRACH transmission, or it is the msgA transmission.

The ATG UE shall meet the T~e\_ATG~ requirement for an initial
transmission provided that at least one SSB is available at the ATG UE
during the last 160 ms. The reference point for the ATG UE initial
transmit timing control requirement shall be the downlink timing of the
reference cell minus
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA}\text{\ }\text{offset}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}} \right) \times T_{\text{c}}$.

The downlink timing is defined as the time when the first path (in time)
of the corresponding downlink frame used by the ATG UE to determine
downlink timing is received from the reference cell at the ATG UE
antenna.

$N_{\text{TA}}$ for PRACH is defined as 0.
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA}\text{\ }\text{offset}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}} \right) \times T_{\text{c}}$
(in *T*~c~ units) for other channels is the difference between ATG UE
transmission timing and the downlink timing immediately after when the
last timing advance in clause 7.3D was applied, or after the last update
in $N_{TA,adj}^{\text{UE}}$.

The value of $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ depends on the duplex mode of the
cell in which the uplink transmission takes place and the frequency
range (FR). $N_{\text{TA\ offset}}$ is defined in table 7.1.2-2.

$N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$ is defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].

Table 7.1D.2-1: T~e\_ATG~ Timing Error Limit

  Frequency Range                                                    SCS of SSB signals (kHz)   SCS of uplink signals (kHz)   T~e\_ATG~
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------- ----------------------------- ------------
  1                                                                  15                         15                            20\*64\*Tc
                                                                                                30                            18\*64\*Tc
                                                                                                60                            N/A
                                                                     30                         15                            16\*64\*Tc
                                                                                                30                            16\*64\*Tc
                                                                                                60                            N/A
  NOTE 1: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\]                                                            

When it is not the first transmission in a DRX cycle or there is no DRX
cycle, and when it is the transmission for PUCCH, PUSCH and SRS
transmission, the ATG UE shall be capable of changing the transmission
timing according to the received downlink frame of the reference cell,
the updating of $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$, except when the timing
advance in clause 7.3D is applied.

#### 7.1D.2.1 Gradual timing adjustment

When the transmission timing error between the ATG UE and the reference
timing exceeds ±T~e\_ATG~ then the ATG UE is required to adjust its
timing to within ±T~e\_ATG~. The reference timing shall be
$\left( N_{\text{TA}} + N_{\text{TA}\text{\ }\text{offset}} + N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}} \right) \times T_{\text{c}}$
before the downlink timing of the reference cell. All adjustments made
to the ATG UE uplink timing shall follow these rules:

> 1\) The maximum amount of the magnitude of the timing change, apart
> from a change of $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$ due to ATG UE
> position update, in one adjustment shall be T~q\_ATG~.
>
> 2\) The minimum aggregate adjustment rate, apart from a change of
> $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$ due to ATG UE position update, shall
> be T~p\_ATG~ per second.
>
> 3\) The maximum aggregate adjustment rate, apart from a change of
> $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$ due to ATG UE position update, shall
> be T~q\_ATG~ per 200 ms.

Where, the maximum autonomous time adjustment step T~q\_ATG~ and the
aggregate adjustment rate T~p\_ATG~ are specified in table 7.1D.2.1-1.

Table 7.1D.2.1-1: T~q\_ATG~ Maximum Autonomous Time Adjustment Step and
T~p\_ATG~ Minimum Aggregate Adjustment rate

  Frequency Range                                                    SCS of uplink signals (kHz)   T~q\_ATG~       T~p\_ATG~
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------- --------------- ---------------
  1                                                                  15                            9.5\*64\*T~c~   9.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                     30                            9.5\*64\*T~c~   9.5\*64\*T~c~
                                                                     60                            N/A             N/A
  NOTE 1: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\]                                                 

7.2 UE timer accuracy
---------------------

### 7.2.1 Introduction

UE timers are used in different protocol entities to control the UE
behaviour.

### 7.2.2 Requirements

For UE timers specified in TS 38.331 \[2\], the UE shall comply with the
timer accuracies according to table 7.2.2-1.

The requirements are only related to the actual timing measurements
internally in the UE. They do not include the following:

\- Inaccuracy in the start and stop conditions of a timer (e.g. UE
reaction time to detect that start and stop conditions of a timer is
fulfilled), or

\- Inaccuracies due to restrictions in observability of start and stop
conditions of a UE timer (e.g. slot alignment when UE sends messages at
timer expiry).

Table 7.2.2-1

  ------------------- ----------
  Timer value \[s\]   Accuracy
  timer value \< 4    ± 0.1 s
  timer value ≥ 4     ± 2.5 %
  ------------------- ----------

7.2A UE timer accuracy for RedCap
---------------------------------

### 7.2A.1 Introduction

UE timers are used in different protocol entities to control the UE
behaviour.

### 7.2A.2 Requirements

For UE timers specified in TS 38.331 \[2\], the UE shall comply with the
timer accuracies according to table 7.2A.2-1.

The requirements are only related to the actual timing measurements
internally in the UE. They do not include the following:

\- Inaccuracy in the start and stop conditions of a timer (e.g. UE
reaction time to detect that start and stop conditions of a timer is
fulfilled), or

\- Inaccuracies due to restrictions in observability of start and stop
conditions of a UE timer (e.g. slot alignment when UE sends messages at
timer expiry).

Table 7.2A.2-1

  ------------------- ----------
  Timer value \[s\]   Accuracy
  timer value \< 4    ± 0.1 s
  timer value ≥ 4     ± 2.5 %
  ------------------- ----------

7.2C UE timer accuracy for satellite access
-------------------------------------------

### 7.2C.1 Introduction

UE timers are used in different protocol entities to control the UE
behaviour.

### 7.2C.2 Requirements

The requirements in this clause are applicable for both UE served by SAN
in FR1 and VSAT UE served by SAN in FR2-NTN.

For UE timers specified in TS 38.331 \[2\], the UE shall comply with the
timer accuracies according to table 7.2C.2-1.

The requirements are only related to the actual timing measurements
internally in the UE. They do not include the following:

\- Inaccuracy in the start and stop conditions of a timer (e.g. UE
reaction time to detect that start and stop conditions of a timer is
fulfilled), or

\- Inaccuracies due to restrictions in observability of start and stop
conditions of a UE timer (e.g. slot alignment when UE sends messages at
timer expiry).

Table 7.2C.2-1

  ----------------------- --------------
  **Timer value \[s\]**   **Accuracy**
  timer value \< 4        ± 0.1 s
  timer value ≥ 4         ± 2.5 %
  ----------------------- --------------

7.2D UE timer accuracy for ATG
------------------------------

### 7.2D.1 Introduction

ATG UE timers are used in different protocol entities to control the ATG
UE behaviour.

### 7.2D.2 Requirements

For ATG UE timers specified in TS 38.331 \[2\], the ATG UE shall comply
with the timer accuracies according to table 7.2D.2-1.

The requirements are only related to the actual timing measurements
internally in the ATG UE. They do not include the following:

\- Inaccuracy in the start and stop conditions of a timer (e.g. ATG UE
reaction time to detect that start and stop conditions of a timer is
fulfilled), or

\- Inaccuracies due to restrictions in observability of start and stop
conditions of a ATG UE timer (e.g. slot alignment when ATG UE sends
messages at timer expiry).

Table 7.2D.2-1

  Timer value \[s\]   Accuracy
  ------------------- ----------
  timer value \< 4    ± 0.1 s
  timer value ≥ 4     ± 2.5 %

7.3 Timing advance
------------------

### 7.3.1 Introduction

The timing advance is initiated from gNB to UE in EN-DC, NR-DC, NE-DC
and NR SA operation modes, with MAC message that implies the adjustment
of the timing advance, as defined in clause 5.2 of TS 38.321 \[7\].

### 7.3.2 Requirements

#### 7.3.2.1 Timing Advance adjustment delay

UE shall adjust the timing of its uplink transmission timing at time
slot *n*+ *k+1* for a timing advance command received in time slot *n*,
and the value of *k* is defined in clause 4.2 in TS 38.213 \[3\]. The
same requirement applies also when the UE is not able to transmit a
configured uplink transmission due to the channel assessment procedure.

#### 7.3.2.2 Timing Advance adjustment accuracy

The UE shall adjust the timing of its transmissions with a relative
accuracy better than or equal to the UE Timing Advance adjustment
accuracy requirement in table 7.3.2.2-1, to the signalled timing advance
value compared to the timing of preceding uplink transmission. The
timing advance command step is defined in TS 38.213 \[3\].

Table 7.3.2.2-1: UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy

  UL Sub Carrier Spacing(kHz)             15          30          60          120        480        960
  --------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ---------- ---------
  UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy   ±256 T~c~   ±256 T~c~   ±128 T~c~   ±32 T~c~   ±10 T~c~   ±6 T~c~

7.3A Timing Advance for RedCap
------------------------------

### 7.3A.1 Introduction

The timing advance is initiated from gNB to UE configured with only
PCell, with MAC message that implies the adjustment of the timing
advance, as defined in clause 5.2 of TS 38.321 \[7\].

### 7.3A.2 Requirements

#### 7.3A.2.1 Timing Advance adjustment delay

UE shall adjust the timing of its uplink transmission at time slot *n*+
*k+1* for a timing advance command received in time slot *n*, and the
value of *k* is defined in clause 4.2 in TS 38.213 \[3\]. The same
requirement applies also when the UE is not able to transmit a
configured uplink transmission due to the channel assessment procedure.

#### 7.3A.2.2 Timing Advance adjustment accuracy

The UE shall adjust the timing of its transmissions with a relative
accuracy better than or equal to the UE Timing Advance adjustment
accuracy requirement in table 7.3A.2.2-1, to the signalled timing
advance value compared to the timing of preceding uplink transmission.
The timing advance command step is defined in TS 38.213 \[3\].

Table 7.3A.2.2-1: UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy

  UL Sub Carrier Spacing(kHz)             15          30          60          120
  --------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------
  UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy   ±256 T~c~   ±256 T~c~   ±128 T~c~   ±32 T~c~

7.3C Timing advance for satellite access
----------------------------------------

### 7.3C.1 Introduction

The timing advance is initiated by UE configured with only PCell served
by SAN, upon initiating a validity timer for
$N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}}$ *and*
$N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$~.~ The timing advance can be adjusted
with MAC message that implies the adjustment of the timing advance, as
defined in clause 5.2 of TS 38.321 \[7\].

### 7.3C.2 Requirements

#### 7.3C.2.1 Timing Advance adjustment delay

UE shall adjust the timing of its uplink transmission timing from the
beginning of uplink time slot *n*+ *k+1+2^µ^*
${\bullet K}_{\text{offset}}$ for a timing advance command received in
time slot *n*, and the value of *k, µ and* $K_{\text{offset}}$ are
defined in clause 4.2 in TS 38.213 \[3\]. The same requirement applies
also when the UE is not able to transmit a configured uplink
transmission due to the channel assessment procedure.

#### 7.3C.2.2 Timing Advance adjustment accuracy

The UE shall adjust the timing of its transmissions, apart from a change
of $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$ and
$N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{common}}$ between the preceding uplink
transmission and the current transmission, with a relative accuracy
better than or equal to the UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy
requirement in table 7.3C.2.2-1, for FR1-NTN and in table 7.3C.2.2-2 for
VAST UE in FR2-NTN to the signalled timing advance value compared to the
timing of preceding uplink transmission. The timing advance command step
is defined in TS 38.213 \[3\].

Table 7.3C.2.2-1: UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy

  UL Sub Carrier Spacing(kHz)             15          30          60
  --------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- -----
  UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy   ±256 T~c~   ±256 T~c~   N/A

Table 7.3C.2.2-2: UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy for VSAT UE in
FR2-NTN

  UL Sub Carrier Spacing(kHz)                         60          120
  --------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------
  UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy               ±128 T~c~   ±32 T~c~
  NOTE 1: VSAT UE are defined in TS 38.101-5 \[43\]               

7.3D Timing advance for ATG
---------------------------

### 7.3D.1 Introduction

The timing advance is initiated by ATG UE configured with only PCell.
The timing advance can be adjusted with MAC message that implies the
adjustment of the timing advance, as defined in clause 5.2 of TS 38.321
\[7\].

### 7.3D.2 Requirements

#### 7.3D.2.1 Timing Advance adjustment delay

ATG UE shall adjust the timing of its uplink transmission timing from
the beginning of uplink at time slot *n*+ *k+1+2^µ^*
${\bullet K}_{\text{offset}}$ for a timing advance command received in
time slot *n*, and the value of *k, µ and* $K_{\text{offset}}$ are
defined in clause 4.2 in TS 38.213 \[3\]. The same requirement applies
also when the ATG UE is not able to transmit a configured uplink
transmission due to the channel assessment procedure.

#### 7.3D.2.2 Timing Advance adjustment accuracy

The ATG UE shall adjust the timing of its transmissions, apart from a
change of $N_{\text{TA,adj}}^{\text{UE}}$ between the preceding uplink
transmission and the current transmission, with a relative accuracy
better than or equal to the ATG UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy
requirement in table 7.3D.2.2-1, to the signalled timing advance value
compared to the timing of preceding uplink transmission. The timing
advance command step is defined in TS 38.213 \[3\].

Table 7.3D.2.2-1: ATG UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy

  UL Sub Carrier Spacing(kHz)                 15          30          60
  ------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- -----
  ATG UE Timing Advance adjustment accuracy   ±256 T~c~   ±256 T~c~   N/A

7.4 Cell phase synchronization accuracy
---------------------------------------

### 7.4.1 Definition

Cell phase synchronization accuracy for TDD is defined as the maximum
absolute deviation in frame start timing between any pair of cells on
the same frequency that have overlapping coverage areas.

### 7.4.2 Minimum requirements

The cell phase synchronization accuracy measured at BS antenna
connectors or radiated interface boundaries shall be better than 3 µs.

7.5 Maximum Transmission Timing Difference
------------------------------------------

### 7.5.1 Introduction

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative transmission timing
difference between subframe timing boundary of E-UTRA PCell and the
closest slot timing boundary of PSCell to be aggregated for EN-DC
operation.

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative transmission timing
difference among the closest slot timing boundaries of different
carriers in FR1 and/or FR2-1 to be aggregated in NR carrier aggregation.

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative transmission timing
difference among the closest subframe timing boundaries of different
carriers to be aggregated in FR1 and FR2-2 NR inter-band carrier
aggregation.

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative transmission timing
difference between slot timing boundary of PCell and subframe timing
boundary of E-UTRA PSCell to be aggregated for NE-DC operation.

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative transmission timing
difference between slot timing boundaries of PCell in FR1 or FR2-1 and
the closest slot timing boundary of PSCell in FR1 or FR2-1 to be
aggregated in NR-DC operation.

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative transmission timing
difference between subframe timing boundaries of PCell in FR1 and the
closest subframe timing boundary of PSCell in FR2-2 to be aggregated in
NR-DC operation.

A UE supporting \[*FG 40-2-1 or FG 40-2-2*\] shall be capable of
handling a relative transmission timing difference between the closest
slot timing boundaries of signals on the same CC transmitted to two
TRPs.

### 7.5.2 Minimum requirements for inter-band EN-DC

The UE shall be capable of handling a maximum uplink transmission timing
difference between E-UTRA PCell and PSCell as shown in table 7.5.2-1.

Table 7.5.2-1 Maximum uplink transmission timing difference requirement
for asynchronous EN-DC

  Sub-carrier spacing in E-UTRA PCell (kHz)                                                                                                                                                          UL Sub-carrier spacing for data in PSCell (kHz)   Maximum uplink transmission timing difference (µs)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
  15                                                                                                                                                                                                 15                                                500
  15                                                                                                                                                                                                 30                                                250
  15                                                                                                                                                                                                 60                                                125
  15                                                                                                                                                                                                 120^Note1^                                        62.5
  NOTE 1: For E-UTRA FDD-NR FDD intra-band EN-DC, for which the requirement is defined in clause 7.5.3 and this Table 7.5.2-1 is also applicable, the scenario with 120 kHz PSCell does not exist.                                                     

Table 7.5.2-2 Void

#### 7.5.2.1 Minimum requirements for inter-band synchronous EN-DC

The requirements in this clause apply as a reference for inter-band
synchronous EN-DC.

The UE shall be capable of handling a maximum uplink transmission timing
difference (MTTD) between E-UTRA PCell and PSCell for inter-band
synchronous EN-DC as shown in table 7.5.2.1-1 1. The requirements for
synchronous EN-DC are applicable for E-UTRA TDD-NR TDD, E-UTRA FDD-NR
FDD, E-UTRA TDD-NR FDD and E-UTRA FDD-NR TDD inter-band EN-DC.

For E-UTRA TDD-NR TDD inter-band EN-DC with overlapping or partially
overlapping DL bands, only synchronized operation is assumed. The UE
shall be capable of handling a maximum uplink transmission timing
difference (MTTD) between E-UTRA PCell and PSCell as shown in table
7.5.2.1-1 provided that UE not supporting
*requirementTypeIndication-r18* indicates that it is capable of
*interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* or UE supporting
*requirementTypeIndication-r18* is capable of
*interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* and not provided with
*nonCollocatedTypeMRDC-r18*, and in table 7.5.3-1 provided that UE does
not indicate it is capable of *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* or
UE supporting *requirementTypeIndication-r18* is capable of
*interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* and provided with
*nonCollocatedTypeMRDC-r18*.

For E-UTRA FDD-NR FDD inter-band EN-DC with overlapping DL bands, only
synchronized operation is assumed if UE does not indicate that it is
capable of asynchronous FDD-FDD EN-DC operation. The UE shall be capable
of handling a maximum uplink transmission timing difference (MTTD)
between E-UTRA PCell and PSCell as shown in table 7.5.2.1-1 provided
that UE not supporting *requirementTypeIndication-r18* indicates that it
is capable of *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* or UE supporting
*requirementTypeIndication-r18* is capable of
*interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* and not provided with
*nonCollocatedTypeMRDC-r18*, and in table 7.5.3-1 provided that UE does
not indicate it is capable of *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* or
UE supporting *requirementTypeIndication-r18* is capable of
*interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* and provided with
*nonCollocatedTypeMRDC-r18*.

Table 7.5.2.1-1 Maximum uplink transmission timing difference
requirement for inter-band synchronous EN-DC

  Sub-carrier spacing in E-UTRA PCell (kHz)   UL Sub-carrier spacing for data in PSCell (kHz)   Maximum uplink transmission timing difference (µs)
  ------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
  15                                          15                                                35.21
  15                                          30                                                35.21
  15                                          60                                                35.21
  15                                          120                                               35.21

### 7.5.3 Minimum requirements for intra-band EN-DC

For intra-band EN-DC, only co-located deployment is applied.

The UE shall be capable of handling a maximum uplink transmission timing
difference between E-UTRA PCell and PSCell as shown in table 7.5.2-1 for
E-UTRA FDD-NR FDD intra-band EN-DC provided the UE indicates that it is
capable of asynchronous EN-DC operation \[2\].

The UE shall be capable of handling a maximum uplink transmission timing
difference between E-UTRA PCell and PSCell as shown in table 7.5.3-1 for
E-UTRA TDD-NR TDD and E-UTRA FDD-NR FDD intra-band EN-DC provided the UE
does not indicate that it is capable of asynchronous FDD-FDD EN-DC
operation \[16\].

Table 7.5.3-1: Maximum uplink transmission timing difference requirement
for intra-band synchronous EN-DC

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Sub-carrier spacing  | UL Sub-carrier       | Maximum uplink       |
| in E-UTRA PCell      | spacing for data in  | transmission timing  |
| (kHz)                | PSCell (kHz)         | difference (µs)      |
+======================+======================+======================+
| 15                   | 15                   | 5.21^Note1,Note\ 2^  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 15                   | 30                   | 5.21^Note\ 2^        |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 15                   | 60                   | 5.21 ^Note\ 2^       |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NOTE 1: This is not  |                      |                      |
| applicable for a UE  |                      |                      |
| which indicates the  |                      |                      |
| capability of only   |                      |                      |
| supporting single UL |                      |                      |
| timing               |                      |                      |
| (*ul-Timi            |                      |                      |
| ngAlignmentEUTRA-NR* |                      |                      |
| is signalled).       |                      |                      |
| Single UL timing for |                      |                      |
| E-UTRA and NR cell   |                      |                      |
| is assumed for this  |                      |                      |
| UE.                  |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| NOTE 2: If the       |                      |                      |
| transmission timing  |                      |                      |
| difference exceeds   |                      |                      |
| the cyclic prefix    |                      |                      |
| length of the UL     |                      |                      |
| Sub-carrier spacing  |                      |                      |
| for data in PSCell,  |                      |                      |
| NR UE Tx EVM         |                      |                      |
| degradation is       |                      |                      |
| expected for the     |                      |                      |
| symbol that is       |                      |                      |
| overlapping the LTE  |                      |                      |
| subframe boundary    |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| NOTE 3: The          |                      |                      |
| requirement in this  |                      |                      |
| table is also        |                      |                      |
| applicable for       |                      |                      |
| intra-band           |                      |                      |
| synchronous NE-DC.   |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

### 7.5.4 Minimum requirements for NR Carrier Aggregation

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative transmission
timing difference between slot timing of all pairs of TAGs in FR1 and/or
FR2-1 as shown in table 7.5.4-1, provided that the UE is:

\- configured with the pTAG and the sTAG for inter-band NR carrier
aggregation in SA or NR-DC mode, or

\- configured with more than one sTAG for inter-band NR carrier
aggregation in EN-DC or NE-DC mode.

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative transmission
timing difference between subframe timing of all pairs of TAGs between
FR1 and FR2-2 as shown in table 7.5.4-1, provided that the UE is:

\- configured with the pTAG and the sTAG for inter-band NR carrier
aggregation in SA or NR-DC mode.

For FR1 intra-band non-contiguous NR carrier aggregation, the UE shall
be capable of handling at least a relative transmission timing
difference as shown in table 7.5.4-1, between slot timing of all FR1
pairs of TAGs provided that UE indicates that it is capable of
*intraBandNR-CA-non-collocated-r18* and ***nonCollocatedTypeNR-CA-r18***
is not provided.

Table 7.5.4-1: Maximum uplink transmission timing difference requirement
for inter-band NR carrier aggregation

  Frequency Range of the pair of TAGs                                                                         Maximum uplink transmission timing difference (µs)
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
  FR1                                                                                                         34.6
  FR2-1                                                                                                       8.5 ^Note1^
  Between FR1 and FR2-1                                                                                       26.1
  Between FR1 and FR2-2                                                                                       26.1
  NOTE1: This requirement applies to the UE capable of independent beam management for FR2-1 inter-band CA.   

### 7.5.5 Minimum requirements for inter-band NE-DC

The UE shall be capable of handling a maximum uplink transmission timing
difference between PCell and E-UTRA PSCell as shown in table 7.5.5-1 for
inter-band asynchronous NE-DC.

Table 7.5.5-1: Maximum uplink transmission timing difference requirement
for inter-band asynchronous NE-DC

  Sub-carrier spacing in PCell (kHz)   UL Sub-carrier spacing for data in E-UTRA PSCell (kHz)   Maximum uplink transmission timing difference (µs)
  ------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
  15                                   15                                                       500
  30                                   15                                                       250
  60                                   15                                                       125
  120                                  15                                                       62.5
  NOTE 1: Void                                                                                  

Table 7.5.5-2 Void

#### 7.5.5.1 Minimum requirements for inter-band synchronous NE-DC

The requirements in this clause apply as a reference for inter-band
synchronous NE-DC.

The UE shall be capable of handling a maximum uplink transmission timing
difference (MTTD) between PCell and E-UTRA PSCell for inter-band
synchronous NE-DC as shown in table 7.5.5.1-1. The requirements for
synchronous NE-DC are applicable for NR TDD- E-UTRA TDD, NR FDD- E-UTRA
FDD, NR TDD- E-UTRA FDD and NR FDD- E-UTRA TDD inter-band NE-DC.

For NR FDD-E-UTRA FDD inter-band NE-DC with overlapping DL bands, only
synchronized operation is assumed if UE does not indicate that it is
capable of asynchronous FDD-FDD NE-DC operation. The UE shall be capable
of handling a maximum uplink transmission timing difference (MTTD)
between NR PCell and PSCell as shown in table 7.5.5.1-1 if UE indicates
that it is capable of *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, and the
same requirement as in table 7.5.3-1 apply provided that UE does not
indicate it is capable of *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*.

Table 7.5.5.1-1: Maximum uplink transmission timing difference
requirement for inter-band synchronous NE-DC

  Sub-carrier spacing in PCell (kHz)   UL Sub-carrier spacing for data in E-UTRA PSCell (kHz)   Maximum uplink transmission timing difference (µs)
  ------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
  15                                   15                                                       35.21
  30                                   15                                                       35.21
  60                                   15                                                       35.21
  120                                  15                                                       35.21

### 7.5.6 Minimum requirements for inter-band NR-DC

The UE shall be capable of handling a maximum uplink transmission timing
difference between PCell and PSCell as shown in table 7.5.6-1 provided
that the UE indicates that it is capable of synchronous NR-DC only
\[14\].

Table 7.5.6-1: Maximum uplink transmission timing difference requirement
for inter-band synchronous NR-DC

  Frequency Range   Maximum uplink transmission timing difference (µs)   
  ----------------- ---------------------------------------------------- ------
  Cell in MCG       Cell in SCG                                          
  FR1               FR1                                                  34.6
  FR2-1             FR2-1                                                8.5
  FR1               FR2-1                                                34.1
  FR1               FR2-2                                                34.1

The UE shall be capable of handling a maximum uplink transmission timing
difference between PCell and PSCell as shown in table 7.5.6-2 provided
that the UE indicates that it is capable of asynchronous NR-DC \[14\].

Table 7.5.6-2 Maximum uplink transmission timing difference requirement
for inter-band asynchronous NR-DC

  Max {Sub-carrier spacing in PCell (kHz), Sub-carrier spacing in PSCell (kHz)}   Maximum uplink transmission timing difference (µs)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
  15                                                                              500
  30                                                                              250
  60                                                                              125
  120                                                                             62.5
  480                                                                             15.625
  960                                                                             7.8125

### 7.5.7 Minimum requirements for multi-TRP

A UE supporting *multiDCI-IntraCellMultiTRP-TwoTA-r18* or
*multiDCI-InterCellMultiTRP-TwoTA-r18* shall be capable of handling at
least a relative transmission timing difference between slot timing of a
pair of TAGs configured on the same carrier as shown in tables 7.5.7-1,
if the UE does not indicate support of *rxTimingDiff-r18*.

A UE supporting *multiDCI-IntraCellMultiTRP-TwoTA-r18* or
*multiDCI-InterCellMultiTRP-TwoTA-r18* shall be capable of handling at
least a relative transmission timing difference between slot timing of
the pair of TAGs configured on the same carrier as shown in table
7.5.7-2, provided that the UE indicates that it is capable of
*rxTimingDiff-r18*.

Table 7.5.7-1: Maximum uplink transmission timing difference requirement
for multi-TRP for UE not supporting *rxTimingDiff-r18*

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Frequency Range of the pair of   | Maximum uplink transmission      |
| TAGs                             | timing difference (µs)           |
+==================================+==================================+
| FR1                              | CP length^note\ 1^+1.6us         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| FR2-1                            | CP length^note\ 1^+0.5us         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: CP length of the maximum |                                  |
| SCS on the carrier.              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: This requirement applies |                                  |
| to the UE capable of \[STxMP\].  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

Table 7.5.7-2: Maximum uplink transmission timing difference requirement
for multi-TRP for UE supporting *rxTimingDiff-r18*

  Frequency Range of the pair of TAGs   Maximum uplink transmission timing difference (µs)
  ------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
  FR1                                   34.6
  FR2-1                                 8.5

7.6 Maximum Receive Timing Difference
-------------------------------------

### 7.6.1 Introduction

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative receive timing difference
between subframe timing boundary of an E-UTRA cell belonging to the MCG
and the closest slot timing boundary of a cell belonging to SCG to be
aggregated for EN-DC operation.

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative receive timing difference
between subframe timing boundary of an E-UTRA cell belonging to the SCG
to be aggregated for NE-DC operation and the closest slot timing
boundary of a cell belonging to MCG.

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative receive timing difference
between slot timing boundary of a cell belonging to MCG in FR1 or FR2-1
and the closest slot timing boundary of a cell belonging to the SCG FR1
or FR2-1 to be aggregated for NR-DC operation.

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative receive timing difference
between subframe timing boundary of a cell belonging to MCG in FR1 and
the closest subframe timing boundary of a cell belonging to the SCG in
FR2-2 to be aggregated for NR-DC operation.

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative receive timing difference
among the closest slot timing boundaries of different carriers in FR1
and/or FR2-1 to be aggregated in NR carrier aggregation.

A UE shall be capable of handling a relative receive timing difference
among the closest subframe timing boundaries of different carriers to be
aggregated in FR1 and FR2-2 NR inter-band carrier aggregation.

An FR2-1 PC6 UE supporting *simultaneousReceptionTwoQCL-r18* shall be
capable of handling a relative receive timing difference between the
subframe boundaries of signals on the same CC received using two
different Rx chains simultaneously in HST FR2 bidirectional deployment.

A UE supporting \[*FG 40-2-1 or FG 40-2-2*\] shall be capable of
handling a relative receive timing difference between the slot
boundaries of signals on the same CC received from two TRPs.

A UE supporting \[*FG 30-1 or 30-2*\] shall be capable of handling a
relative receive timing difference among the subframe timing boundary of
different TCI states indicated for simultaneous reception on a single
carrier.

The requirements defined in clause 7.6 are also applicable when UE is
configured to receive multiple PDSCH transmission occasions from one or
more QCL sources on any one of the aggregated NR carriers.

### 7.6.2 Minimum requirements for inter-band EN-DC

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between subframe timing of signal from a E-UTRA cell
belonging to the MCG and slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to
SCG at the UE receiver as shown in table 7.6.2-1.

Table 7.6.2-1: Maximum receive timing difference requirement for
asynchronous EN-DC

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Sub-carrier spacing  | DL Sub-carrier       | Maximum receive      |
| of\                  | spacing of cell in   | timing difference    |
| E‑UTRA cell in MCG   | SCG (kHz) (Note 1)   | (µs)                 |
| (kHz)                |                      |                      |
+======================+======================+======================+
| 15                   | 15                   | 500                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 15                   | 30                   | 250                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 15                   | 60                   | 125                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 15                   | 120^Note2^           | 62.5                 |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NOTE 1: DL           |                      |                      |
| Sub-carrier spacing  |                      |                      |
| is min{SCS~SS~,      |                      |                      |
| SCS~DATA~}.          |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| NOTE 2: For E-UTRA   |                      |                      |
| FDD-NR FDD           |                      |                      |
| intra-band EN-DC,    |                      |                      |
| for which the        |                      |                      |
| requirement is       |                      |                      |
| defined in clause    |                      |                      |
| 7.6.3 and this table |                      |                      |
| 7.6.2-1 is also      |                      |                      |
| applicable, the      |                      |                      |
| scenario with 120    |                      |                      |
| kHz does not exit.   |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

Table 7.6.2-2 Void

Table 7.6.2-3 Void

#### 7.6.2.1 Minimum requirements for inter-band synchronous EN-DC

The requirements in this clause apply as a reference for inter-band
synchronous EN-DC.

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between subframe timing of signal from an E-UTRA cell
belonging to the MCG and slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to
SCG at the UE receiver for inter-band synchronous EN-DC as shown in
table 7.6.2.1-1. The requirements for synchronous EN-DC are applicable
for E-UTRA TDD-NR TDD, E-UTRA FDD-NR FDD, E-UTRA TDD-NR FDD and E-UTRA
FDD-NR TDD inter-band EN-DC.

For E-UTRA TDD-NR TDD inter-band EN-DC with overlapping or partially
overlapping DL bands, only synchronized operation is assumed. The UE
shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between subframe timing of signal from a E-UTRA cell
belonging to the MCG and slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to
the SCG at the UE receiver as shown in table 7.6.2.1-1 provided that UE
not supporting *requirementTypeIndication-r18* indicates that it is
capable of *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* or UE supporting
*requirementTypeIndication-r18* is capable of
*interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* and not provided with
*nonCollocatedTypeMRDC-r18*, and in table 7.6.3-1 provided that UE is
not capable of *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* or UE supporting
*requirementTypeIndication-r18* is capable of
*interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* and provided with
*nonCollocatedTypeMRDC-r18*.

For E-UTRA FDD-NR FDD inter-band EN-DC with overlapping DL bands, only
synchronized operation is assumed if UE does not indicate that it is
capable of asynchronous FDD-FDD EN-DC operation. The UE shall be capable
of handling at least a relative receive timing difference between
subframe timing of signal from a E-UTRA cell belonging to the MCG and
slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to the SCG at the UE
receiver as shown in table 7.6.2.1-1 provided that UE not supporting
*requirementTypeIndication-r18* indicates that it is capable of
*interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* or UE supporting
*requirementTypeIndication-r18* is capable of
*interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* and not provided with
*nonCollocatedTypeMRDC-r18*, and in table 7.6.3-1 provided that UE is
not capable of *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* or UE supporting
*requirementTypeIndication-r18* is capable of
*interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16* and provided with
*nonCollocatedTypeMRDC-r18*.

Table 7.6.2.1-1: Maximum receive timing difference requirement for
inter-band synchronous EN-DC

  Sub-carrier spacing of E-UTRA cell in MCG (kHz)              DL Sub-carrier spacing of cell in SCG (kHz) (Note1)   Maximum receive timing difference (µs)
  ------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  15                                                           15                                                    33
  15                                                           30                                                    
  15                                                           60                                                    
  15                                                           120                                                   
  NOTE 1: DL Sub-carrier spacing is min{SCS~SS~, SCS~DATA~}.                                                         

### 7.6.3 Minimum requirements for intra-band EN-DC

For intra-band EN-DC, only co-located deployment is applied.

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between subframe timing of signal from a E-UTRA cell
belonging to the MCG and slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to
the SCG as shown in table 7.6.2-1 for E-UTRA FDD-NR FDD intra-band EN-DC
provided the UE indicates that it is capable of asynchronous EN-DC
operation \[2\].

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between subframe timing of signal from a E-UTRA cell
belonging to the MCG and slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to
the SCG as shown in table 7.6.3-1 for E-UTRA FDD-NR FDD and E-UTRA
TDD-NR TDD intra-band EN-DC provided the UE does not indicate that it is
capable of asynchronous FDD-FDD EN-DC operation \[16\].

Table 7.6.3-1 Maximum receive timing difference requirement for
intra-band synchronous EN-DC

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Sub-carrier spacing  | DL Sub-carrier       | Maximum receive      |
| of E-UTRA cell in    | spacing of cell in   | timing difference    |
| MCG (kHz)            | SCG (kHz) ^Note1^    | (µs)                 |
+======================+======================+======================+
| 15                   | 15                   | 3                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 15                   | 30                   | 3                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 15                   | 60                   | 3                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NOTE 1: DL           |                      |                      |
| Sub-carrier spacing  |                      |                      |
| is min{SCS~SS~,      |                      |                      |
| SCS~DATA~}.          |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| NOTE 2: The          |                      |                      |
| requirement in this  |                      |                      |
| table is also        |                      |                      |
| applicable for       |                      |                      |
| intra-band           |                      |                      |
| synchronous NE-DC.   |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

Table 7.6.3-2: Void

### 7.6.4 Minimum requirements for NR Carrier Aggregation

For intra-band contiguous CA, only co-located deployment is applied. For
intra-band non-contiguous NR carrier aggregation, the UE not capable of
*intraBandNR-CA-non-collocated-r18* shall be capable of handling at
least a relative receive timing difference between slot timing of
different carriers to be aggregated at the UE receiver as shown in table
7.6.4-1 below.

For FR1 intra-band non-contiguous NR carrier aggregation, the UE shall
be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing difference as
shown in table 7.6.4-2, between slot timing of different FR1 carriers to
be aggregated at the UE receiver provided that UE indicates that it is
capable of *intraBandNR-CA-non-collocated-r18* and
***nonCollocatedTypeNR-CA-r18*** is not provided. Otherwise, the UE
shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between slot timing of different carriers to be aggregated at
the UE receiver as shown in table 7.6.4-1 below if UE indicates that it
is capable of *intraBandNR-CA-non-collocated-r18* and
*nonCollocatedTypeNR-CA-r18* is provided.

Table 7.6.4-1: Maximum receive timing difference requirement for
intra-band non-contiguous NR carrier aggregation

  Frequency Range                                                                                                                                                                                                          Maximum receive timing difference (µs)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------
  FR1                                                                                                                                                                                                                      3^1^
  FR2-1                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0.26
  NOTE 1: In the case of different SCS on different CCs, if the receive time difference exceeds the cyclic prefix length of that SCS, demodulation performance degradation is expected for the first symbol of the slot.   

For inter-band NR carrier aggregation,

\- the UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive
timing difference between slot timing of all pairs of carriers in FR1
and FR2-1 to be aggregated at the UE receiver as shown in table 7.6.4-2
below.

\- the UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive
timing difference between subframe timing of all pairs of carriers in
FR1 and FR2-2 to be aggregated at the UE receiver as shown in table
7.6.4-2 below.

Table 7.6.4-2: Maximum receive timing difference requirement for
inter-band NR carrier aggregation

  Frequency Range of the pair of carriers                                                                     Maximum receive timing difference (µs)
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  FR1                                                                                                         33
  FR2-1                                                                                                       8 ^note1^
  Between FR1 and FR2-1                                                                                       25
  Between FR1 and FR2-2                                                                                       25
  NOTE1: This requirement applies to the UE capable of independent beam management for FR2-1 inter-band CA.   

### 7.6.5 Minimum requirements for inter-band NE-DC

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to the
MCG and subframe timing of signal from an E-UTRA cell belonging to the
SCG at the UE receiver for asynchronous NE-DC as shown in table 7.6.5-1.

Table 7.6.5-1: Maximum receive timing difference requirement for
asynchronous NE-DC

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Sub-carrier spacing  | DL Sub-carrier       | Maximum receive      |
| of cell in MCG (kHz) | spacing of EUTRA     | timing difference    |
|                      | cell in SCG (kHz)    | (µs)                 |
|                      | (Note 1)             |                      |
+======================+======================+======================+
| 15                   | 15                   | 500                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 30                   | 15                   | 250                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 60                   | 15                   | 125                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| 120                  | 15                   | 62.5                 |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NOTE 1: DL           |                      |                      |
| Sub-carrier spacing  |                      |                      |
| is min{SCS~SS~,      |                      |                      |
| SCS~DATA~}.          |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| NOTE 2: Void         |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

Table 7.6.5-2: Void

#### 7.6.5.1 Minimum requirements for inter-band synchronous NE-DC

The requirements in this clause apply as a reference for inter-band
synchronous NE-DC.

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to the
MCG and subframe timing of signal from a E-UTRA cell belonging to the
SCG at the UE receiver for inter-band synchronous NE-DC as shown in
table 7.6.5.1-1. The requirements for synchronous NE-DC are applicable
for NR TDD- E-UTRA TDD, NR FDD- E-UTRA FDD, NR TDD- E-UTRA FDD and NR
FDD- E-UTRA TDD inter-band NE-DC.

For NR FDD-E-UTRA FDD inter-band NE-DC with overlapping DL bands, only
synchronized operation is assumed if UE does not indicate that it is
capable of asynchronous FDD-FDD NE-DC operation. The UE shall be capable
of handling at least a relative receive timing difference between
subframe timing of signal from a cell belonging to the MCG and slot
timing of signal from a cell belonging to the SCG at the UE receiver as
shown in table 7.6.2.1-1 provided that UE indicates that it is capable
of *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, and the same requirement as
in table 7.6.3-1 apply provided that UE does not indicate it is capable
of *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*.

Table 7.6.5.1-1: Maximum receive timing difference requirement for
inter-band synchronous NE-DC

  Sub-carrier spacing of cell in MCG (kHz)   DL Sub-carrier spacing of EUTRA cell in SCG (kHz) (Note1)   Maximum receive timing difference (µs)
  ------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  15                                         15                                                          33
  30                                         15                                                          
  60                                         15                                                          
  120                                        15                                                          

### 7.6.6 Minimum requirements for inter-band NR-DC

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to the
MCG in FR1 or FR2-1 and slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to
the SCG in FR1 or FR2-1 at the UE receiver as shown in table 7.6.6-1
provided that the UE indicates that it is capable of synchronous NR-DC
only \[16\].

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between subframe timing of signal from a cell belonging to
the MCG in FR1 and subframe timing of signal from a cell belonging to
the SCG in FR2-2 at the UE receiver as shown in table 7.6.6-1 provided
that the UE indicates that it is capable of synchronous NR-DC only
\[16\].

Table 7.6.6-1: Maximum receive timing difference requirement for
inter-band synchronous NR-DC

  Frequency Range   Maximum receive timing difference (µs)   
  ----------------- ---------------------------------------- ----
  Cell in MCG       Cell in SCG                              
  FR1               FR1                                      33
  FR2-1             FR2-1                                    8
  FR1               FR2-1                                    33
  FR1               FR2-2                                    33

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to the
MCG in FR1 or FR2-1 and slot timing of signal from a cell belonging to
the SCG in FR1 or FR2-1 at the UE receiver as shown in table 7.6.6-2
provided that the UE indicates that it is capable of asynchronous NR-DC
\[16\].

The UE shall be capable of handling at least a relative receive timing
difference between subframe timing of signal from a cell belonging to
the MCG in FR1 and subframe timing of signal from a cell belonging to
the SCG in FR2-2 at the UE receiver as shown in table 7.6.6-2 provided
that the UE indicates that it is capable of asynchronous NR-DC \[16\].

Table 7.6.6-2 Maximum receive timing difference requirement for
inter-band asynchronous NR-DC

  Max {Sub-carrier spacing in PCell (kHz), Sub-carrier spacing in PSCell (kHz)}   Maximum receive timing difference (µs)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  15                                                                              500
  30                                                                              250
  60                                                                              125
  120                                                                             62.5
  480                                                                             15.625
  960                                                                             7.8125

### 7.6.7 Minimum requirements for PC6 UE in FR2

In HST FR2 scenario, when *highSpeedMeasFlagFR2-r17* is configured and
*highSpeedDeploymentTypeFR2-r17* is configured as bidirectional for a
PC6 UE supporting *simultaneousReceptionTwoQCL-r18,* the UE shall be
capable of handling a maximum receive timing difference specified as in
the below table 7.6.7-1. The specified timing difference is between the
subframe boundaries of the signals on the same CC which UE receives
using two different Rx chains simultaneously.

Table 7.6.7-1: Maximum receive timing difference requirement for PC6 UE
supporting *simultaneousReceptionTwoQCL-r18*

  Frequency Range   Subcarrier spacing (kHz)   Maximum receive timing difference (µs)
  ----------------- -------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  FR2-1             120                        8

### 7.6.8 Minimum requirements for Multi-TRPs

A UE supporting *multiDCI-IntraCellMultiTRP-TwoTA-r18* or
*multiDCI-InterCellMultiTRP-TwoTA-r18* shall be capable of handling at
least a relative receive timing difference between slot timing of
different TRPs on the same carrier at the UE receiver as shown in table
7.6.8-1 below, if the UE does not indicate support of
*rxTimingDiff-r18*.

A UE supporting *multiDCI-IntraCellMultiTRP-TwoTA-r18* or
*multiDCI-InterCellMultiTRP-TwoTA-r18* shall be capable of handling at
least a relative receive timing difference between slot timing of
different TRPs on the same carrier at the UE receiver as shown in table
7.6.8-2 below, provided that the UE indicates that it is capable of
*rxTimingDiff-r18*.

Table 7.6.8-1: Maximum receive timing difference requirement for
multi-TRPs with two TAs for UE not capable of *rxTimingDiff-r18*

  Frequency Range                                        Maximum receive timing difference
  ------------------------------------------------------ -----------------------------------
  FR1                                                    CP length^note\ 1^
  FR2-1                                                  CP length^note\ 1^
  NOTE 1: CP length of the maximum SCS on the carrier.   

Table 7.6.8-2: Maximum receive timing difference requirement for
multi-TRPs with two TAs for UE capable of *rxTimingDiff-r18*

  Frequency Range of the pair of carriers   Maximum receive timing difference (µs)
  ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  FR1                                       33
  FR2-1                                     8

A UE supporting ***schedulingMeasurementRelaxation-r18** or
fastBeamSweepingMultiRx-r18* shall be capable of handling at least a
relative receive timing difference between slot timing of different TCI
states on the same carrier at the UE receiver as shown in table 7.6.8-3.

Table 7.6.8-3: Maximum receive timing difference requirement for UE
supporting multi-RX

  Frequency Range   Maximum receive timing difference
  ----------------- -----------------------------------
  FR2-1             CP length

7.7 *deriveSSB-IndexFromCell* tolerance
---------------------------------------

### 7.7.1 Minimum requirements

When *deriveSSB-IndexFromCell* is enabled, the UE assumes frame boundary
alignment (including half frame, subframe and slot boundary alignment)
across cells on the same frequency carrier is within a tolerance not
worse than

\- min (2 SSB symbols, 1 PDSCH symbol) for sub-carrier spacings of SSB
and PDSCH up to 240 kHz,

\- min (3 SSB symbols, N~PDSCH~ PDSCH symbols) for sub-carrier spacing
of 480 kHz and 960 kHz of either SSB or PDSCH where N~PDSCH~ is defined
in table 7.7.1-1

and the SFNs of all cells on the same frequency carrier are the same.

Table 7.7.1-1 N~PDSCH~ when deriveSSB-IndexFromCell is enabled

  SSB SCS (kHz)   PDSCH SCS (kHz)   N~PDSCH~
  --------------- ----------------- ----------
  120             480               3
  120             960               6
  480             120               1
  480             480               3
  480             960               6
  960             120               1
  960             480               2
  960             960               3

When *deriveSSB-IndexFromCell* is not enabled, the UE assumes frame
boundary alignment (including half frame, subframe and slot boundary
alignment) across cells on the same frequency carrier is within a
tolerance not worse than 6 SSB symbols for sub-carrier spacing of 960
kHz and the SFNs of all cells on the same frequency carrier are the
same.

7.7A deriveSSB-IndexFromCell tolerance for RedCap
-------------------------------------------------

### 7.7A.1 Minimum requirements

When *deriveSSB-IndexFromCell* is enabled, the RedCap UE assumes frame
boundary alignment (including half frame, subframe and slot boundary
alignment) across cells on the same frequency carrier is within a
tolerance not worse than min(2 SSB symbols, 1 PDSCH symbol) and the SFNs
of all cells on the same frequency carrier are the same.

7.7D DeriveSSB-IndexFromCell tolerance for ATG
----------------------------------------------

### 7.7D.1 Minimum requirements

When *deriveSSB-IndexFromCell* is enabled, the ATG UE assumes frame
boundary alignment (including half frame, subframe and slot boundary
alignment) across cells on the same frequency carrier is within a
tolerance not worse than min(2 SSB symbols, 1 PDSCH symbol) and the SFNs
of all cells on the same frequency carrier are the same.

UE does not expect the *deriveSSB-IndexFromCell* to be set as true when
frame boundary across detectable cells on the same frequency carrier is
larger than the minimum tolerance requirement.

7.8 Void
--------

7.9 *deriveSSB-IndexFromCellInter-r17* tolerance
------------------------------------------------

### 7.9.1 Minimum requirements

When *deriveSSB-IndexFromCellInter-r17* is enabled, the UE assumes frame
boundary alignment (including half frame, subframe and slot boundary
alignment) across cells on the target carrier and reference cell is
within a tolerance not worse than min(2 SSB symbols of target carrier, 1
PDSCH symbol of the reference cell) and the SFNs of all cells on the
target carrier and reference cell are the same. The reference cell is
the serving cell which is used for SSB indexes derivation as indicated
via *deriveSSB-IndexFromCellInter-r17*.

7.9D *DeriveSSB-IndexFromCellInter-r17* tolerance for ATG
---------------------------------------------------------

### 7.9D.1 Minimum requirements

When *deriveSSB-IndexFromCellInter-r17* is enabled, the ATG UE assumes
frame boundary alignment (including half frame, subframe and slot
boundary alignment) across cells on the target carrier and reference
cell is within a tolerance not worse than min (2 SSB symbols of target
carrier, 1 PDSCH symbol of the reference cell) and the SFNs of all cells
on the target carrier and reference cell are the same. The reference
cell is the serving cell which is used for SSB indexes derivation as
indicated via *deriveSSB-IndexFromCellInter-r17*.

UE does not expect the *deriveSSB-IndexFromCellInter-r17* to be set as
true when frame boundary across detectable cells on the target carrier
and reference cell is larger than the minimum tolerance requirement.
