Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

The present document is part 1 of a multi-part deliverable covering the
5G System (5GS) User Equipment (UE) conformance specification, as
identified below:

\- 3GPP TS 38.508-1: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 1: Common test environment\" (the present document).

\- 3GPP TS 38.508-2 \[10\]: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 2: Common Implementation Conformance Statement (ICS)
proforma\".

 1 Scope
=======

The present document defines the test environment for the 5G System.

This specification covers all aspects, including NG-RAN, 5GC and
interworking between 5GS and EPS used for conformance tests of User
Equipment (UE).

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 36.508: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and Evolved Packet Core (EPC); Common test environments for
User Equipment (UE) conformance testing\".

\[3\] 3GPP TS 36.300: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (E-UTRAN);
Overall description; Stage 2\".

\[4\] 3GPP TS 36.331: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); Radio Resource Control (RRC); Protocol specification\".

\[5\] 3GPP TS 38.300: \"NR; Overall description; Stage 2\".

\[6\] 3GPP TS 38.331: \"NR; Radio Resource Control (RRC); Protocol
specification\".

\[7\] 3GPP TS 38.101-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 1: Range 1 Standalone\".

\[8\] 3GPP TS 38.101-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone\".

\[9\] 3GPP TS 38.101-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 3: Range 1 and Range 2 Interworking operation with other
radios\".

\[10\] 3GPP TS 38.508-2: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 2: Common Implementation Conformance Statement (ICS)
proforma\".

\[11\] 3GPP TS 38.509: \"5GS; Special conformance testing functions for
User Equipment (UE)\".

\[12\] 3GPP TS 38.523-1: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 1: Protocol\".

\[13\] 3GPP TS 38.133: "NR; Requirements for support of radio resource
management".

\[14\] 3GPP TS 38.521-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 1: Range 1
Standalone\".

\[15\] 3GPP TS 38.521-2: "NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 2: Range 2
Standalone".

\[16\] 3GPP TS 38.521-3: "NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 3: Range 1 and
Range 2 Interworking operation with other radios".

\[17\] 3GPP TS 38.521-4: "NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 4: Performance".

\[18\] 3GPP TS 38.533: "NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio resource management".

\[19\] 3GPP TS 38.523-2: "5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 2: Applicability of protocol test cases".

\[20\] 3GPP TS 38.321: "NR; Medium Access Control (MAC) protocol
specification".

\[21\] 3GPP TS 38.214: "NR; Physical layer procedures for data".

\[22\] 3GPP TS 38.213: "NR; Physical layer procedures for control".

\[23\] 3GPP TS 38.523-3: \"5GS; UE conformance specification; Part 3:
Protocol Test Suites\".

\[24\] 3GPP TR 38.810: "NR; Study on test methods"

\[25\] 3GPP TS 23.041: "Technical realization of Cell Broadcast Service
(CBS)"

\[26\] 3GPP TS 23.003: "Numbering, addressing and identification"

\[27\] 3GPP TS 38.212: \"NR; Multiplexing and channel coding\"

\[28\] 3GPP TS 24.501: "Non-Access-Stratum (NAS) protocol for 5G System
(5GS);Stage 3"

\[29\] 3GPP TS 38.211: \"NR; Physical channels and modulation\".

\[30\] IETF RFC 4187: \" Extensible Authentication Protocol Method for
3rd Generation Authentication and Key Agreement (EAP-AKA) \".

\[31\] IETF RFC 5448: \"Improved Extensible Authentication Protocol
Method for 3rd Generation Authentication and Key Agreement (EAP-AKA)\".

\[32\] IETF RFC 3748: \"Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP)\".

\[33\] 3GPP TS 23.502: \"Procedures for the 5G System (5GS); Stage 2\".

\[34\] IETF RFC 7296: \"Internet Key Exchange Protocol Version 2
(IKEv2)\".

\[35\] 3GPP TS 24.502: "Access to the 3GPP 5G Core Network (5GCN) via
Non-3GPP Access Networks (N3AN); Stage 3"

\[36\] 3GPP TS 34.123-2: \"User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 2: Implementation Conformance Statement (ICS)
proforma specification \".

\[37\] 3GPP TS 36.523-2: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and Evolved Packet Core (EPC); User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 2: Implementation Conformance Statement (ICS)
proforma specification\".

\[38\] 3GPP TR 38.903: "NR; Derivation of test tolerances and
measurement uncertainty for User Equipment (UE) conformance test cases"

\[39\] 3GPP TS 37.571-1: \"Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (UTRA) and
Evolved UTRA (E-UTRA) and Evolved Packet Core (EPC); User Equipment (UE)
conformance specification for UE positioning; Part 1: Conformance test
specification\".

\[40\] 3GPP TS 37.571-2: \"Universal Terrestrial Radio Access (UTRA) and
Evolved UTRA (E-UTRA) and Evolved Packet Core (EPC); User Equipment (UE)
conformance specification for UE positioning; Part 2: Protocol
conformance\".

\[41\] 3GPP TS 36.523-3: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and Evolved Packet Core (EPC); User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 3: Test Suites\".

\[42\] 3GPP TS 36.523-1: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA) and Evolved Packet Core (EPC); User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 1: Protocol conformance specification\".

\[43\] 3GPP TS 33.501: \"Security architecture and procedures for 5G
system\".

\[44\] 3GPP TS 34.229-1: \"Internet Protocol (IP) multimedia call
control protocol based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) and Session
Description Protocol (SDP); User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 1: Protocol conformance specification\".

\[45\] 3GPP TS 26.114: \"IP Multimedia Subsystem (IMS);Multimedia
Telephony;Media handling and interaction\".

\[46\] IETF RFC 4566: \"SDP: Session Description Protocol\".

\[47\] 3GPP TS 34.229-5: \"Internet Protocol (IP) multimedia call
control protocol based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) and Session
Description Protocol (SDP); User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 5: Protocol conformance specification using 5G
System (5GS)\".

\[48\] 3GPP TS 36.101: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and reception\".

\[49\] 3GPP TS 37.571-5: \"User Equipment (UE) conformance specification
for UE positioning; Part 5: Test scenarios and assistance data\".

\[50\] STANAG 4294: \"NATO STANAG 4294. Navstar Global Positioning
System (GPS) System Characteristics\".

\[51\] 3GPP TS 34.229-2: \"Internet Protocol (IP) multimedia call
control protocol based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) and Session
Description Protocol (SDP);User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification;Part 2: Implementation Conformance Statement (ICS)
specification\".

\[52\] 3GPP TS 34.108: \"Common Test Environments for User Equipment
(UE); Conformance testing\".

\[53\] 3GPP TS 23.287: \"Architecture enhancements for 5G System (5GS)
to support Vehicle-to-Everything (V2X) services\".

\[54\] 3GPP TS 24.587: \"Vehicle-to-Everything (V2X) services in 5G
System (5GS)\".

\[55\] 3GPP TS 38.306: \"User equipment (UE) radio access
capabilities\".

\[56\] 3GPP TS 38.101-5: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission
and reception; Part 5: Satellite access Radio Frequency (RF) and
performance requirements\".

\[57\] 3GPP TS 38.521-5: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 5: Satellite
access Radio Frequency (RF) and performance requirements\".

\[58\] 3GPP TS 24.554: \"Proximity-services (ProSe) in 5G System (5GS)
protocol aspects; Stage 3\".

\[59\] 3GPP TS 24.555: \"Proximity-services (ProSe) in 5G System (5GS);
User Equipment (UE) policies; Stage 3\".

\[60\] 3GPP TS 23.304: \"Proximity-services (ProSe) in the 5G System
(5GS) \".

\[61\] IETF RFC 5246: \"The Transport Layer Security (TLS) Protocol
Version 1.2\".

\[62\] IETF RFC 7230: \"Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP/1.1): Message
Syntax and Routing\".

\[63\] 3GPP TS 33.503: \"Security aspects of Proximity based Services
(ProSe) in the 5G System (5GS)\".

\[64\] 3GPP TS 33.310: \"Network Domain Security (NDS); Authentication
Framework (AF)\".

\[65\] GSMA TS 48: \"Generic eUICC Test Profile for Device Testing\"

\[66\] IEC 60068-2-1: \"Environmental testing - Part 2-1: Tests - Test
A: Cold\"

\[67\] IEC 60068-2-2: \"Environmental testing - Part 2-2: Tests - Test
B: Dry heat\"

\[68\] 3GPP TS 23.501: \"System architecture for the 5G System (5GS);
Stage 2\"

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same term,
if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

**B:** a value followed by \"B\" is a binary value.

**H:** a value followed by \"H\" is a hexadecimal value.

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

Round(x) Rounding to integer; Round(x) gives the rounded value of x with
0 decimals.

Round(x,y) Rounding to y decimals; Round(x,2) gives the rounded value of
x with 2 decimals.

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

5GC 5G Core Network

5GMM 5GS Mobility Management

5GS 5G System

5GSM 5GS Session Management

ATG Air-To-Ground

EN-DC E-UTRA-NR Dual Connectivity

MCG Master Cell Group

MR-DC Multi-RAT Dual Connectivity

NE-DC NR-E-UTRA Dual Connectivity

NGC NG Core Network. Synonym of 5GC.

NGEN-DC NG-RAN E-UTRA-NR Dual Connectivity

NG-RAN NG Radio Access Network

NR NR Radio Access

RedCap Reduced Capability

RRC Radio Resource Control

SCG Secondary Cell Group

SS System Simulator

4 Common test environments
==========================

4.1 Environmental conditions
----------------------------

The requirements in this clause apply to all types of UE(s).

### 4.1.1 Temperature

Regarding FR1 the UE shall fulfil all the requirements in the full
temperature range of:

Table 4.1.1-1: Temperature conditions for FR1

  ---------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  +15°C to +35°C   For normal conditions (with relative humidity up to 75 %)
  -10°C to +55°C   For extreme conditions (see IEC 60068-2-1 \[66\] and IEC 60068-2-2 \[67\])
  ---------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Outside this temperature range the UE, if powered on, shall not make
ineffective use of the radio frequency spectrum. In no case shall the UE
exceed the transmitted levels as defined in TS 38.101-1 \[7\] clause 6.2
for extreme operation.

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-1 \[7\] Annex
E.2.

All RF requirements for UEs operating in FR2 are defined over the air
and can only be tested in an OTA chamber.

Regarding FR2 the UE shall fulfil all requirements in the temperature
range defined in Table 4.1.1-2.

Table 4.1.1-2: Temperature conditions for FR2

  +15°C to +35°C   For normal (room temperature) conditions with relative humidity up to 75%
  ---------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  -10°C to +55°C   For extreme conditions

Outside this temperature range the UE, if powered on, shall not make
ineffective use of the radio frequency spectrum. In no case shall the UE
exceed the transmitted levels as defined in TS 38.101-2\[8\] clause 6.2
for extreme operation.

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-2 \[8\] Annex
E.2.

Some tests are performed also in extreme temperature conditions. These
test conditions are denoted as TL (temperature low, -10°C) and TH
(temperature high, +55°C).

### 4.1.2 Voltage

Editor\'s Note: This clause is incomplete. The following items are
missing or are incomplete:

\- Methodology to control the voltage in a case which a power cable is
not connected to DUT is FFS since it is not agreed whether we can
connect the power cable to DUT at the OTA measurement situation yet.

Regarding both FR1 and FR2 the UE shall fulfil all the requirements in
the full voltage range, i.e. the voltage range between the extreme
voltages.

The manufacturer shall declare the lower and higher extreme voltages and
the approximate shutdown voltage. For the equipment that can be operated
from one or more of the power sources listed below, the lower extreme
voltage shall not be higher, and the higher extreme voltage shall not be
lower than that specified below.

Table 4.1.2-1: Voltage conditions

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Power source   | Lower extreme  | Higher extreme | Normal         |
|                |                |                | conditions     |
|                | voltage        | voltage        |                |
|                |                |                | voltage        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| AC mains       | 0.9 \* nominal | 1.1 \* nominal | nominal        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Regulated lead | 0.9 \* nominal | 1.3 \* nominal | 1.1 \* nominal |
| acid battery   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Non regulated  | 0.85 \*        | nominal        | nominal        |
| batteries:     | nominal        |                |                |
|                |                | 1.1 \* nominal | 1.1 \* nominal |
| Leclanché      | 0.95 \*        |                |                |
|                | nominal        |                | nominal        |
| Lithium        |                |                |                |
|                | 0.90 \*        |                |                |
| Mercury/nickel | nominal        |                |                |
| & cadmium      |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Outside this voltage range the UE if powered on, shall not make
ineffective use of the radio frequency spectrum. In no case shall the UE
exceed the transmitted levels as defined in TS 38.101-1\[7\] and TS
38.101-2\[8\] clause 6.2 for extreme operation. In particular, the UE
shall inhibit all RF transmissions when the power supply voltage is
below the manufacturer declared shutdown voltage.

The normative reference for this requirement is TS 38.101-1 \[7\] Annex
E.2 and TS 38.101-2 \[8\] Annex E.2.

Some tests are performed also in extreme voltage conditions. These test
conditions are denoted as VL (lower extreme voltage) and VH (higher
extreme voltage).

4.2 Common requirements of test equipment
-----------------------------------------

Mobile conformance testing can be categorized into 3 distinct areas:

\- RF Conformance Testing consisting of:

\- Transmission and Reception Conformance Testing.

\- Performance Conformance Testing.

\- RRM Conformance Testing.

\- Signalling Conformance Testing.

The test equipment required for each category of testing may or not be
different, depending on the supplier of the test equipment. However,
there will be some generic requirements of the test equipment that are
essential for all three categories of test, and these are specified in
this clause.

In addition, there will be requirements to test operation in
multi-system configurations other than E-UTRA and NR dual connectivity
(EN-DC). However, these would not form a common test equipment
requirement for the three test areas and are not considered in the
present document.

### 4.2.1 General functional requirements

NOTE: This clause has been written such that it does not constrain the
implementation of different architectures and designs of test equipment.

All test equipment used to perform conformance testing for frequency
range 1 on a UE shall provide the following minimum functionality:

\- Conducted test method

All test equipment used to perform conformance testing for frequency
range 2 on a UE shall provide the following minimum functionality:

\- OTA test method

All test equipment used to perform conformance testing on a UE shall
provide a platform suitable for testing UE\'s in at least one of the
following connectivity values:

\- NR; or

\- EN-DC; or

\- NE-DC; or

\- NR-DC; or

\- WLAN; or

\- E-UTRA/EPC

All test equipment used to perform conformance testing on a UE shall
provide a platform suitable for testing UE\'s that are either of
following duplex mode for NR and E-UTRA (EN-DC or NE-DC connectivity
values only) respectively.

a\) FDD Mode; or

b\) TDD Mode; or

c\) both FDD/TDD Modes; or

d\) HD-FDD Mode (NR RedCap only).

All test equipment shall provide the following minimum functionality.

\- The capability of emulating a single NR cell and a single E-UTRA (for
EN-DC or NE-DC connectivity values only) cell with the appropriate
channels to allow the UE to register on the cell.

\- The capability to allow the UE to set up an RRC connection with the
system simulator, and to maintain the connection for the duration of the
test.

\- The capability (for the specific test):

\- to select and support an appropriate radio bearer for the downlink;

\- to set up and support the appropriate radio bearer for the uplink;

### 4.2.2 Minimum functional requirements

#### 4.2.2.1 Supported Cell Configuration

The System Simulator shall provide the capability to simulate a minimum
number of cells whose number and capabilities are governed by the test
cases that need to be performed (test cases are defined in TS 38.523-1
\[12\] (Signalling), TS 38.521-1 \[14\], TS 38.521-2 \[15\], TS 38.521-3
\[16\] (TRx), TS 38.521-4 \[17\] (Performance), TS 38.533 \[18\] (RRM),
TS 37.571-1 \[39\] and TS 37.571-2 \[40\] (Positioning)).

To perform test cases requiring multiple cell(s), the system simulator
shall provide multiple cells offering the capabilities as required by
the test case.

The type and number of channels (especially physical channels)
constitute an important set of capabilities for a cell. The following
clauses list possible channels that may be supported by the SS. Each
channel type, however, and the minimum number of channels needed are
only mandatory if specific test cases require them.

The mapping between Logical and Transport channels is as described in TS
38.321 \[20\]. Similarly, the mapping between Transport channels and
Physical channels is as described in TS 38.211, TS 38.302 and TS 38.212.
The reference measurement channels (mapping between Transport channels
and Physical channels for PDSCH/PDCCH) are defined in TS 38.521-1 \[14\]
annex A

##### 4.2.2.1.1 Supported Channels for an E-UTRA cell (NSA mode only)

Requirement for supported channels for E-UTRA cell is described in TS
36.508\[2\].

##### 4.2.2.1.2 Supported Channels for a NR cell

###### 4.2.2.1.2.1 Logical channels

  ----------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------------
  Logical channel   Minimum number          Comments
  BCCH              0 for EN-DC, 1 for SA   
  CCCH              0 for EN-DC, 1 for SA   
  DCCH              0 for EN-DC, 2 for SA   Split SRB or SRB3 is optional in EN-DC
  PCCH              0 for EN-DC, 1 for SA   
  DTCH              n                       Depending on SS\'s support for RB service testing
  ----------------- ----------------------- ---------------------------------------------------

###### 4.2.2.1.2.2 Transport channels

  ------------------- ------------------------- ----------
  Transport channel   Minimum number            Comments
  BCH                 1                         
  PCH                 N/A for EN-DC, 1 for SA   
  RACH                1                         
  DL-SCH              1                         
  UL-SCH              1                         
  ------------------- ------------------------- ----------

###### 4.2.2.1.2.3 Physical channels

  ------------------ ---------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Physical channel   Minimum number   Comments
  PBCH               1                Physical Broadcast Channel
  PDCCH              1                The physical downlink control channel carries scheduling assignments and other control information.
  PDSCH              1                Physical Downlink Shared Channel
  PUCCH              1                The physical uplink control channel carries uplink control information
  PUSCH              1                Physical Uplink Shared Channel
  PRACH              1                Physical Random Access Channel
  ------------------ ---------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

###### 4.2.2.1.2.4 Physical signals

  -------------------------------------- ---------------- -------------------
  Physical signal                        Minimum number   Comments
  Demodulation reference signal          NA               UL
  Sounding Reference signal              NA               UL, if applicable
  Phase Tracking Reference Signal        NA               UL, if applicable
  Demodulation reference signal(PDSCH)   NA               DL
  Demodulation reference signal(PDCCH)   NA               DL
  Demodulation reference signal(PBCH)    NA               DL
  Phase Tracking Reference Signal        NA               DL, if applicable
  CSI reference signal                   NA               DL
  Primary synchronisation signal         NA               DL
  Secondary synchronisation signal       NA               DL
  -------------------------------------- ---------------- -------------------

4.3 Reference test conditions
-----------------------------

### 4.3.1 Test frequencies

Editor\'s Note: n65 (High: 50MHz), n66 (High: 45MHz), n75(High: 50MHz),
and n80 (High: 40MHz) are currently not yet included in the test channel
bandwidth tables due to test frequency have not been defined yet.
Further analysis is needed for the test coverage of these test channel
bandwidths and bands.

#### 4.3.1.0 General

The test frequencies are based on operating bands defined in TS 38.101-1
\[7\], TS 38.101-2 \[8\], TS 38.101-3 \[9\] and TS 38.101-5 \[56\].

#### 4.3.1.0A Mid test channel bandwidth

The Mid test channel bandwidth definition for RF is given in Table
4.3.1.0A-1, Table 4.3.1.0A-2 and Table 4.3.1.0A-3 for FR1, FR2 and
FR1-NTN respectively.

Table 4.3.1.0A-1: Mid Test Channel bandwidths for each NR band, FR1

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NR Band              | UE Mid Test Channel  | RedCap and eRedCap   |
|                      | bandwidth\           | UE Mid Test Channel  |
|                      | \[MH                 | bandwidth\           |
|                      | z\]**^1,\ 1a,\ 1b^** | \[MHz\]              |
|                      |                      | **^1,\ 1a,\ 1b^**    |
+======================+======================+======================+
| n1                   | 25                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n2                   | 20                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n3                   | 25                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n5                   | 15                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n7                   | 25                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n8                   | 20                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n12                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n13                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n14                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n20                  | 15                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n24                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n25                  | 25^11^               | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n26                  | 15                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n28                  | 15                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n29                  | 10^2^                | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n30                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n31                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n34                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n38                  | 20                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n39                  | 25                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n40                  | 50                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n41                  | 50                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n46                  | 60^4^, 40^5^         | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n48                  | 20^11^               | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n50                  | 40^4^, 20^5,11^      | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n51                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n53                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n54                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n65                  | 15                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n66                  | 20                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n70                  | 15^2^, 10^3,12^      | 15^2^, 10^3^         |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n71                  | 15^3,12^, 20^2^      | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n72                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n74                  | 15                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n75                  | 15^2^                | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n76                  | 5^2^                 | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n77                  | 50                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n78                  | 50                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n79                  | 50                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n80                  | 20^3^                | \[15\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n81                  | 15^3^                | \[15\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n82                  | 15^3^                | \[15\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n83                  | 15^3^                | \[15\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n84                  | 25^3^                | \[15\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n85                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n86                  | 20^3^                | \[15\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n91                  | 5^2,12^, 10^3^       | \[5^2^,10^3^\]       |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n92                  | 15                   | \[15\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n93                  | 5^2,12^, 10^3^       | \[5^2^,10^3^\]       |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n94                  | 15                   | \[15\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n95                  | 10^3^                | \[10\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n96                  | 60                   | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n97                  | 50^3^                | \[15\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n98                  | 25^3^                | \[15^3^\]            |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n99                  | 10^3^                | \[10\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n100                 | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n101                 | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n104                 | 60                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n105                 | 15^3^, 20^2^         | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n106                 | 3                    | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n109                 | 25                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Note 1: Mid channel  |                      |                      |
| BW is the closest    |                      |                      |
| channel BW to the    |                      |                      |
| arithmetic average   |                      |                      |
| channel BW of all    |                      |                      |
| the possible channel |                      |                      |
| BWs per band in      |                      |                      |
| Table 5.3.5-1 of TS  |                      |                      |
| 38.521-1 \[14\]      |                      |                      |
| among all SCSs. If   |                      |                      |
| there are two        |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidths   |                      |                      |
| that have same       |                      |                      |
| distance to the      |                      |                      |
| average value, the   |                      |                      |
| higher one is        |                      |                      |
| selected.\           |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| applicable for a     |                      |                      |
| given subcarrier     |                      |                      |
| spacing, the closest |                      |                      |
| bandwidth to the     |                      |                      |
| value in this table  |                      |                      |
| applicable for such  |                      |                      |
| subcarrier spacing   |                      |                      |
| shall be tested.\    |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| defined in the UE    |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification        |                      |                      |
| according to         |                      |                      |
| 38.101-1 \[7\] Table |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1:\            |                      |                      |
| - If the bandwidth   |                      |                      |
| listed above is      |                      |                      |
| equal or higher than |                      |                      |
| maximum bandwidth    |                      |                      |
| supported in the UE  |                      |                      |
| release according to |                      |                      |
| 38.101-1 \[7\] Table |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1, the closest |                      |                      |
| channel BW to the    |                      |                      |
| arithmetic average   |                      |                      |
| among the values     |                      |                      |
| supported in the UE  |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification shall  |                      |                      |
| be tested.\          |                      |                      |
| - Otherwise, the     |                      |                      |
| closest bandwidth to |                      |                      |
| the value in this    |                      |                      |
| table defined for    |                      |                      |
| that band in the UE  |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification shall  |                      |                      |
| be tested.\          |                      |                      |
| If there are two     |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidths   |                      |                      |
| that have same       |                      |                      |
| distance to the      |                      |                      |
| arithmetic average,  |                      |                      |
| the higher one is    |                      |                      |
| selected             |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 1a: Values      |                      |                      |
| listed in this table |                      |                      |
| assume that the      |                      |                      |
| non-optional channel |                      |                      |
| bandwidths specified |                      |                      |
| in Table 5.3.5-1 of  |                      |                      |
| TS 38.101-1 (most    |                      |                      |
| updated version of   |                      |                      |
| latest release       |                      |                      |
| available) \[7\]     |                      |                      |
| lower than the       |                      |                      |
| maximum are          |                      |                      |
| supported. However,  |                      |                      |
| these channel        |                      |                      |
| bandwidths are       |                      |                      |
| mandatory with       |                      |                      |
| capability parameter |                      |                      |
| as defined in \[55\] |                      |                      |
| TS 38.306 clause     |                      |                      |
| 4.2.7.2 for          |                      |                      |
| *channelB            |                      |                      |
| Ws-DL/channelBWs-UL* |                      |                      |
| parameters. Hence    |                      |                      |
| the UE might         |                      |                      |
| indicate them as not |                      |                      |
| supported. In such   |                      |                      |
| case, select the     |                      |                      |
| closest channel      |                      |                      |
| bandwidth in both DL |                      |                      |
| and UL.              |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 1b: For CA, DC, |                      |                      |
| SDL and SUL, the     |                      |                      |
| mid-test channel     |                      |                      |
| bandwidth per        |                      |                      |
| component carrier is |                      |                      |
| chosen to test the   |                      |                      |
| closest aggregated   |                      |                      |
| bandwidth to the     |                      |                      |
| mathematical centre  |                      |                      |
| between minimum and  |                      |                      |
| maximum aggregated   |                      |                      |
| bandwidth defined    |                      |                      |
| for and within a     |                      |                      |
| given bandwidth      |                      |                      |
| combination set. In  |                      |                      |
| case no set of       |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidths   |                      |                      |
| per component        |                      |                      |
| carrier supported by |                      |                      |
| the UE can achieve   |                      |                      |
| such aggregated      |                      |                      |
| bandwidth, select    |                      |                      |
| one combination of   |                      |                      |
| bandwidths per       |                      |                      |
| component carrier    |                      |                      |
| within the bandwidth |                      |                      |
| combination set that |                      |                      |
| minimizes the        |                      |                      |
| difference to the    |                      |                      |
| target aggregated    |                      |                      |
| bandwidth.           |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 2: This UE      |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth is |                      |                      |
| applicable only to   |                      |                      |
| downlink.            |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 3: This UE      |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth is |                      |                      |
| applicable only to   |                      |                      |
| uplink.              |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 4: Applicable   |                      |                      |
| when for use as      |                      |                      |
| single carrier,      |                      |                      |
| PCell in CA or PCell |                      |                      |
| in DC configuration. |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 5: Applicable   |                      |                      |
| for use as SCell in  |                      |                      |
| CA or SCell in DC    |                      |                      |
| configuration.       |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 6: Void         |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 7: Void         |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 8: Void         |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 9: Void         |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 10: This Mid    |                      |                      |
| test channel         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is chosen  |                      |                      |
| since it is more     |                      |                      |
| commonly used.       |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 11: This is an  |                      |                      |
| exception to Note 1  |                      |                      |
| in this table to     |                      |                      |
| avoid not allowed    |                      |                      |
| asymmetric channel   |                      |                      |
| bandwidths.          |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 12: This UE     |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth is |                      |                      |
| applicable to both   |                      |                      |
| uplink and downlink  |                      |                      |
| when both uplink and |                      |                      |
| downlink are         |                      |                      |
| allocated and        |                      |                      |
| testing asymmetric   |                      |                      |
| BW is not explicitly |                      |                      |
| intended.            |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

Table 4.3.1.0A-2: Mid Test Channel bandwidths for each NR band, FR2

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NR Band              | UE Mid Test Channel  | RedCap UE Mid Test   |
|                      | bandwidth\           | Channel bandwidth\   |
|                      | \[MHz\]^1,\ 2,\ 3^   | \[MHz\]**^1,\ 2^**   |
+======================+======================+======================+
| n257                 | 200                  | 100                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n258                 | 200                  | 100                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n259                 | 200                  | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n260                 | 200                  | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n261                 | 200                  | 100                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Note 1: Mid channel  |                      |                      |
| BW is the closest    |                      |                      |
| channel BW to the    |                      |                      |
| arithmetic average   |                      |                      |
| channel BW of all    |                      |                      |
| the possible channel |                      |                      |
| BWs per band in      |                      |                      |
| Table 5.3.5-1 of TS  |                      |                      |
| 38.521-2 \[15\]      |                      |                      |
| among all SCSs. If   |                      |                      |
| there are two        |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidths   |                      |                      |
| that have same       |                      |                      |
| distance to the      |                      |                      |
| average value, the   |                      |                      |
| higher one is        |                      |                      |
| selected.            |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| applicable for a     |                      |                      |
| given subcarrier     |                      |                      |
| spacing, the closest |                      |                      |
| bandwidth to the     |                      |                      |
| value in this table  |                      |                      |
| applicable for such  |                      |                      |
| subcarrier spacing   |                      |                      |
| shall be tested.\    |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| defined in the UE    |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification        |                      |                      |
| according to         |                      |                      |
| 38.101-2 \[8\] Table |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1, the closest |                      |                      |
| bandwidth to the     |                      |                      |
| value in this table  |                      |                      |
| defined for that     |                      |                      |
| band in the UE       |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification shall  |                      |                      |
| be tested.\          |                      |                      |
| If there are two     |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidths   |                      |                      |
| that have same       |                      |                      |
| distance to the      |                      |                      |
| arithmetic average,  |                      |                      |
| the higher one is    |                      |                      |
| selected.            |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 2: Values       |                      |                      |
| listed in this table |                      |                      |
| assume that the      |                      |                      |
| non-optional channel |                      |                      |
| bandwidths specified |                      |                      |
| in Table 5.3.5-1 of  |                      |                      |
| TS 38.101-2 \[8\]    |                      |                      |
| lower than the       |                      |                      |
| maximum are          |                      |                      |
| supported. However,  |                      |                      |
| these channel        |                      |                      |
| bandwidths are       |                      |                      |
| mandatory with       |                      |                      |
| capability parameter |                      |                      |
| as defined in \[55\] |                      |                      |
| TS 38.306 clause     |                      |                      |
| 4.2.7.2 for          |                      |                      |
| *channelB            |                      |                      |
| Ws-DL/channelBWs-UL* |                      |                      |
| parameters. Hence    |                      |                      |
| the UE might         |                      |                      |
| indicate them as not |                      |                      |
| supported. In such   |                      |                      |
| case, select the     |                      |                      |
| closest channel      |                      |                      |
| bandwidth in both DL |                      |                      |
| and UL.              |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 3: For CA and   |                      |                      |
| DC, the mid-test     |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth    |                      |                      |
| per component        |                      |                      |
| carrier is chosen to |                      |                      |
| test the closest     |                      |                      |
| aggregated bandwidth |                      |                      |
| to the mathematical  |                      |                      |
| centre between       |                      |                      |
| minimum and maximum  |                      |                      |
| aggregated bandwidth |                      |                      |
| defined for and      |                      |                      |
| within a given       |                      |                      |
| bandwidth            |                      |                      |
| combination set. In  |                      |                      |
| case no set of       |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidths   |                      |                      |
| per component        |                      |                      |
| carrier supported by |                      |                      |
| the UE can achieve   |                      |                      |
| such aggregated      |                      |                      |
| bandwidth, select    |                      |                      |
| one combination of   |                      |                      |
| bandwidths per       |                      |                      |
| component carrier    |                      |                      |
| within the bandwidth |                      |                      |
| combination set that |                      |                      |
| minimizes the        |                      |                      |
| difference to the    |                      |                      |
| target aggregated    |                      |                      |
| bandwidth.           |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

Table 4.3.1.0A-3: Mid Test Channel bandwidths for each NTN satellite
band, FR1-NTN

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **NTN satellite Band**           | **UE Mid Test Channel bandwidth\ |
|                                  | \[MHz\]^1,\ 2^**                 |
+==================================+==================================+
| n256                             | 15                               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| n255                             | 15                               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| n254                             | 10                               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Note 1: Mid channel BW is the    |                                  |
| closest channel BW to the        |                                  |
| arithmetic average channel BW of |                                  |
| all the possible channel BWs per |                                  |
| band in Table 5.3.5-1 of TS      |                                  |
| 38.521-5 \[57\] among all SCSs.  |                                  |
| If there are two channel         |                                  |
| bandwidths that have same        |                                  |
| distance to the average value,   |                                  |
| the higher one is selected.\     |                                  |
| In case such bandwidth is not    |                                  |
| applicable for a given           |                                  |
| subcarrier spacing, the closest  |                                  |
| bandwidth to the value in this   |                                  |
| table applicable for such        |                                  |
| subcarrier spacing shall be      |                                  |
| tested.                          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| Note 2: Values listed in this    |                                  |
| table assume that the            |                                  |
| non-optional channel bandwidths  |                                  |
| specified in Table 5.3.5-1 of TS |                                  |
| 38.101-5 \[56\] lower than the   |                                  |
| maximum are supported. However,  |                                  |
| these channel bandwidths are     |                                  |
| mandatory with capability        |                                  |
| parameter as defined in TS       |                                  |
| 38.306 clause 4.2.7.2 \[55\] for |                                  |
| *channelBWs-DL/channelBWs-UL*    |                                  |
| parameters. Hence the UE might   |                                  |
| indicate them as not supported.  |                                  |
| In such case, select the closest |                                  |
| channel bandwidth in both DL and |                                  |
| UL.                              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 4.3.1.0B Low test channel bandwidth

The low test channel bandwidth definition for RF is given in Table
4.3.1.0B-1, Table 4.3.1.0B-2 and Table 4.3.1.0B-3 for FR1, FR2 and
FR1-NTN respectively.

Table 4.3.1.0B-1: Low Test Channel bandwidths for each NR band, FR1

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NR Band              | UE Low Test Channel  | RedCap and eRedCap   |
|                      | bandwidth\           | UE Low Test Channel  |
|                      | \[MHz\]^1,\ 1a,\ 1b^ | bandwidth\           |
|                      |                      | \[MHz\]              |
|                      |                      | ^1,\ 1a,\ 1b^        |
+======================+======================+======================+
| n1                   | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n2                   | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n3                   | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n5                   | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n7                   | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n8                   | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n12                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n13                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n14                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n20                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n24                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n25                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n26                  | 3^6^,5               | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n28                  | 3^6^,5               | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n29                  | 5^2^                 | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n30                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n31                  | 3                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n34                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n38                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n39                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n40                  | 5^4^,10^5^           | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n41                  | 5^7,8^,10            | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n46                  | 10^4^,20^5^          | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n48                  | 5^4^, 10^5^          | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n50                  | 5^4^,10^5^           | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n51                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n53                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n54                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n65                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n66                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n70                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n71                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n72                  | 3                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n74                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n75                  | 5^2^                 | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n76                  | 5^2^                 | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n77                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n78                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n79                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n80                  | 5^3^                 | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n81                  | 5^3^                 | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n82                  | 5^3^                 | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n83                  | 5^3^                 | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n84                  | 5^3^                 | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n85                  | 3^6^,5               | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n86                  | 5^3^                 | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n91                  | 5                    | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n92                  | 5                    | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n93                  | 5                    | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n94                  | 5                    | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n95                  | 5^3^                 | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n96                  | 20                   | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n97                  | 5^3^                 | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n98                  | 5^3^                 | \[5^3^\]             |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n99                  | 5^3^                 | \[5\]                |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n100                 | 3^6^,5               | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n101                 | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n104                 | 20                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n105                 | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n106                 | 3                    | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n109                 | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Note 1: Minimum      |                      |                      |
| channel BW value     |                      |                      |
| among all the        |                      |                      |
| possible channel     |                      |                      |
| BW-SCS combinations  |                      |                      |
| per band in Table    |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1 of TS        |                      |                      |
| 38.521-1 \[14\] are  |                      |                      |
| listed.\             |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| applicable for a     |                      |                      |
| given subcarrier     |                      |                      |
| spacing, the minimum |                      |                      |
| bandwidth applicable |                      |                      |
| for such subcarrier  |                      |                      |
| spacing shall be     |                      |                      |
| tested.\             |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| defined in the UE    |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification        |                      |                      |
| according to         |                      |                      |
| 38.101-1 \[7\] Table |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1, the minimum |                      |                      |
| bandwidth defined    |                      |                      |
| for that band in the |                      |                      |
| UE release           |                      |                      |
| specification shall  |                      |                      |
| be tested.           |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 1a: Values      |                      |                      |
| listed in this table |                      |                      |
| assume that the      |                      |                      |
| non-optional channel |                      |                      |
| bandwidths specified |                      |                      |
| in Table 5.3.5-1 of  |                      |                      |
| TS 38.101-1 \[7\]    |                      |                      |
| lower than the       |                      |                      |
| maximum are          |                      |                      |
| supported. However,  |                      |                      |
| these channel        |                      |                      |
| bandwidths are       |                      |                      |
| mandatory with       |                      |                      |
| capability parameter |                      |                      |
| as defined in \[55\] |                      |                      |
| TS 38.306 clause     |                      |                      |
| 4.2.7.2 for          |                      |                      |
| *channelB            |                      |                      |
| Ws-DL/channelBWs-UL* |                      |                      |
| parameters. Hence    |                      |                      |
| the UE might         |                      |                      |
| indicate them as not |                      |                      |
| supported. In such   |                      |                      |
| case, select the     |                      |                      |
| closest channel      |                      |                      |
| bandwidth in both DL |                      |                      |
| and UL.              |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 1b: For CA, DC, |                      |                      |
| SDL and SUL, the     |                      |                      |
| low-test channel     |                      |                      |
| bandwidth per        |                      |                      |
| component carrier is |                      |                      |
| chosen to allow      |                      |                      |
| minimum aggregated   |                      |                      |
| bandwidth defined    |                      |                      |
| for a given          |                      |                      |
| bandwidth            |                      |                      |
| combination set. In  |                      |                      |
| case no set of       |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidths   |                      |                      |
| per component        |                      |                      |
| carrier supported by |                      |                      |
| the UE can achieve   |                      |                      |
| minimum aggregated   |                      |                      |
| bandwidth, select    |                      |                      |
| one combination of   |                      |                      |
| bandwidths per       |                      |                      |
| component carrier    |                      |                      |
| within the bandwidth |                      |                      |
| combination set that |                      |                      |
| minimizes the        |                      |                      |
| aggregated           |                      |                      |
| bandwidth.           |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 2: This UE      |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth is |                      |                      |
| applicable only to   |                      |                      |
| downlink.            |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 3: This UE      |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth is |                      |                      |
| applicable only to   |                      |                      |
| uplink.              |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 4: Applicable   |                      |                      |
| for use as SCell in  |                      |                      |
| CA or SCell in DC    |                      |                      |
| configuration.       |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 5: Applicable   |                      |                      |
| for use as single    |                      |                      |
| carrier, PCell in CA |                      |                      |
| or PCell in DC       |                      |                      |
| configuration.       |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 6: This UE      |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth is |                      |                      |
| optional in Release  |                      |                      |
| 18.                  |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 7: This UE      |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth is |                      |                      |
| optional in Release  |                      |                      |
| 17.                  |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 8: Not all      |                      |                      |
| frequency positions  |                      |                      |
| of 5 MHz carriers    |                      |                      |
| are possible due     |                      |                      |
| limitations of the   |                      |                      |
| SSB position         |                      |                      |
| relative to the 5    |                      |                      |
| MHz channels. 5 MHz  |                      |                      |
| channels with F~c~   |                      |                      |
| such that            |                      |                      |
| 2499+N\*1.2          |                      |                      |
| ≤F~                  |                      |                      |
| c~\<2499.3+N\*1.2MHz |                      |                      |
| for 0≤N\<157 are not |                      |                      |
| compatible with SSB  |                      |                      |
| positions and cannot |                      |                      |
| be used for 5 MHz    |                      |                      |
| n41.                 |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

Table 4.3.1.0B-2: Low Test Channel bandwidths for each NR band, FR2

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NR Band              | UE Low Test Channel  | RedCap UE Low Test   |
|                      | bandwidth\           | Channel bandwidth\   |
|                      | \[MHz\]^1,\ 2,\ 3^   | \[MHz\]^1,\ 2^       |
+======================+======================+======================+
| n257                 | 50                   | 50                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n258                 | 50                   | 50                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n259                 | 50                   | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n260                 | 50                   | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n261                 | 50                   | 50                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Note 1: Minimum      |                      |                      |
| channel BW value     |                      |                      |
| among all the        |                      |                      |
| possible channel     |                      |                      |
| BW-SCS combinations  |                      |                      |
| per band in Table    |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1 of TS        |                      |                      |
| 38.521-2 \[15\] are  |                      |                      |
| listed.\             |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| applicable for a     |                      |                      |
| given subcarrier     |                      |                      |
| spacing, the minimum |                      |                      |
| bandwidth applicable |                      |                      |
| for such subcarrier  |                      |                      |
| spacing shall be     |                      |                      |
| tested.\             |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| defined in the UE    |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification        |                      |                      |
| according to         |                      |                      |
| 38.101-2 \[8\] Table |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1, the minimum |                      |                      |
| bandwidth defined    |                      |                      |
| for that band in the |                      |                      |
| UE release           |                      |                      |
| specification shall  |                      |                      |
| be tested.           |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 2: Values       |                      |                      |
| listed in this table |                      |                      |
| assume that the      |                      |                      |
| non-optional channel |                      |                      |
| bandwidths specified |                      |                      |
| in Table 5.3.5-1 of  |                      |                      |
| TS 38.101-2 \[8\]    |                      |                      |
| lower than the       |                      |                      |
| maximum are          |                      |                      |
| supported. However,  |                      |                      |
| these channel        |                      |                      |
| bandwidths are       |                      |                      |
| mandatory with       |                      |                      |
| capability parameter |                      |                      |
| as defined in \[55\] |                      |                      |
| TS 38.306 clause     |                      |                      |
| 4.2.7.2 for          |                      |                      |
| *channelB            |                      |                      |
| Ws-DL/channelBWs-UL* |                      |                      |
| parameters. Hence    |                      |                      |
| the UE might         |                      |                      |
| indicate them as not |                      |                      |
| supported. In such   |                      |                      |
| case, select the     |                      |                      |
| closest channel      |                      |                      |
| bandwidth in both DL |                      |                      |
| and UL.              |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 3: For CA and   |                      |                      |
| DC, the low-test     |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth    |                      |                      |
| per component        |                      |                      |
| carrier is chosen to |                      |                      |
| allow minimum        |                      |                      |
| aggregated bandwidth |                      |                      |
| defined for a given  |                      |                      |
| bandwidth            |                      |                      |
| combination set. In  |                      |                      |
| case no set of       |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidths   |                      |                      |
| per component        |                      |                      |
| carrier supported by |                      |                      |
| the UE can achieve   |                      |                      |
| minimum aggregated   |                      |                      |
| bandwidth, select    |                      |                      |
| one combination of   |                      |                      |
| bandwidths per       |                      |                      |
| component carrier    |                      |                      |
| within the bandwidth |                      |                      |
| combination set that |                      |                      |
| minimizes the        |                      |                      |
| aggregated           |                      |                      |
| bandwidth.           |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

Table 4.3.1.0B-3: Low Test Channel bandwidths for each NTN satellite
band, FR1-NTN

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **NTN satellite Band**           | **UE Low Test Channel bandwidth\ |
|                                  | \[MHz\]^1,\ 2^**                 |
+==================================+==================================+
| n256                             | 5                                |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| n255                             | 5                                |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| n254                             | 5                                |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Note 1: Minimum channel BW value |                                  |
| among all the possible channel   |                                  |
| BW-SCS combinations per band in  |                                  |
| Table 5.3.5-1 of TS 38.521-5     |                                  |
| \[57\] are listed.\              |                                  |
| In case such bandwidth is not    |                                  |
| applicable for a given           |                                  |
| subcarrier spacing, the minimum  |                                  |
| bandwidth applicable for such    |                                  |
| subcarrier spacing shall be      |                                  |
| tested.                          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| Note 2: Values listed in this    |                                  |
| table assume that the            |                                  |
| non-optional channel bandwidths  |                                  |
| specified in Table 5.3.5-1 of TS |                                  |
| 38.101-5 \[56\] lower than the   |                                  |
| maximum are supported. However,  |                                  |
| these channel bandwidths are     |                                  |
| mandatory with capability        |                                  |
| parameter as defined in \[55\]   |                                  |
| TS 38.306 clause 4.2.7.2 for     |                                  |
| *channelBWs-DL/channelBWs-UL*    |                                  |
| parameters. Hence the UE might   |                                  |
| indicate them as not supported.  |                                  |
| In such case, select the closest |                                  |
| channel bandwidth in both DL and |                                  |
| UL.                              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 4.3.1.0C High test channel bandwidth

The high test channel bandwidth definition for RF is given in Table
4.3.1.0C-1, Table 4.3.1.0C-2 and Table 4.3.1.0C-3 for FR1, FR2 and
FR1-NTN respectively.

Table 4.3.1.0C-1: High Test Channel bandwidths for each NR band, FR1

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NR Band              | UE High Test Channel | RedCap and eRedCap   |
|                      | bandwidth\           | UE High Test Channel |
|                      | \                    | bandwidth\           |
|                      | [MHz\]^10,\ 11,\ 12^ | \[MHz\]              |
|                      |                      | ^10,\ 11,\ 12^       |
+======================+======================+======================+
| n1                   | 50                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n2                   | 40                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n3                   | 50                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n5                   | 20^1,14^, 25^2^      | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n7                   | 50                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n8                   | 20^1,14^, 35^2^      | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n12                  | 15                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n13                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n14                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n20                  | 20                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n24                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n25                  | 40^1,14^, 45^2^      | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n26                  | 20                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n28                  | 30                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n29                  | 10^2^                | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n30                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n31                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n34                  | 15                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n38                  | 25, 40^13^           | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n39                  | 40                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n40                  | 100                  | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n41                  | 100                  | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n46                  | 80                   | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n48                  | 40^3^, 100^4^        | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n50                  | 60^1,14^, 80^2^      | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n51                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n53                  | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n54                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n65                  | 20                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n66                  | 40                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n70                  | 15^1,14^, 25^2^      | 15^1^, 20^2^         |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n71                  | 20^1,14^, 35^2^      | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n72                  | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n74                  | 20                   | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n75                  | 20^2^                | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n76                  | 5^2^                 | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n77                  | 100                  | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n78                  | 100                  | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n79                  | 100                  | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n80                  | 30^1^                | \[20\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n81                  | 20^1^                | \[20\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n82                  | 20^1^                | \[20\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n83                  | 30^1^                | \[20\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n84                  | 50^1^                | \[20\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n85                  | 15                   | 15                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n86                  | 40^1^                | \[20\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n91                  | 10^1^, 5^2,14^       | \[10\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n92                  | 20                   | \[20\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n93                  | 10^1^, 5^2,14^       | \[10\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n94                  | 20                   | \[20\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n95                  | 15^1^                | \[15\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n96                  | 80                   | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n97                  | 100^1^               | \[20\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n98                  | 40^1^                | \[20^1^\]            |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n99                  | 10^1^                | \[10\]               |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n100                 | 5                    | 5                    |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n101                 | 10                   | 10                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n104                 | 100                  | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n105                 | 20^1,14^, 35^2^      | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n106                 | 3                    | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n109                 | 30, 50^2^            | 20                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Note 1: This UE      |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth is |                      |                      |
| applicable only to   |                      |                      |
| uplink.              |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 2: This UE      |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth is |                      |                      |
| applicable only to   |                      |                      |
| downlink.            |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 3: Applicable   |                      |                      |
| for use as single    |                      |                      |
| carrier, PCell in CA |                      |                      |
| or PCell in DC       |                      |                      |
| configuration.       |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 4: Applicable   |                      |                      |
| for use as DL SCell  |                      |                      |
| in CA or DL SCell in |                      |                      |
| DC configuration.    |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 5: Void         |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 6: Void         |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 7: Void         |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 8: Void         |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 9: Void         |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 10: Maximum     |                      |                      |
| channel BW value     |                      |                      |
| among all the        |                      |                      |
| possible channel     |                      |                      |
| BW-SCS combinations  |                      |                      |
| per band in Table    |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1 of TS        |                      |                      |
| 38.521-1 \[14\] are  |                      |                      |
| listed.\             |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| applicable for a     |                      |                      |
| given subcarrier     |                      |                      |
| spacing, the maximum |                      |                      |
| bandwidth applicable |                      |                      |
| for such subcarrier  |                      |                      |
| spacing shall be     |                      |                      |
| tested.\             |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| defined in the UE    |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification        |                      |                      |
| according to         |                      |                      |
| 38.101-1 \[7\] Table |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1, the maximum |                      |                      |
| bandwidth defined    |                      |                      |
| for that band in the |                      |                      |
| UE release           |                      |                      |
| specification shall  |                      |                      |
| be tested.\          |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is         |                      |                      |
| optional in the UE   |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification        |                      |                      |
| according to         |                      |                      |
| 38.101-1 \[7\] Table |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1 and not      |                      |                      |
| supported by the UE, |                      |                      |
| the maximum          |                      |                      |
| non-optional         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth for the UE |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification shall  |                      |                      |
| be tested.           |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 11: Values      |                      |                      |
| listed in this table |                      |                      |
| assume that the      |                      |                      |
| maximum              |                      |                      |
| (non-optional)       |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth    |                      |                      |
| specified in Table   |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1 of TS        |                      |                      |
| 38.101-1 \[7\] is    |                      |                      |
| supported. However,  |                      |                      |
| these channel        |                      |                      |
| bandwidths (except   |                      |                      |
| for 100MHz of bands  |                      |                      |
| n41, n48, n77, n78,  |                      |                      |
| n79) are mandatory   |                      |                      |
| with capability      |                      |                      |
| signalling as        |                      |                      |
| defined in \[55\] TS |                      |                      |
| 38.306 clause        |                      |                      |
| 4.2.7.2 for          |                      |                      |
| *channelB            |                      |                      |
| Ws-DL/channelBWs-UL* |                      |                      |
| and                  |                      |                      |
| *                    |                      |                      |
| channelBWs-DL-v1590/ |                      |                      |
| channelBWs-UL-v1590* |                      |                      |
| parameters. Hence    |                      |                      |
| the UE might         |                      |                      |
| indicate them as not |                      |                      |
| supported. In such   |                      |                      |
| case, select the     |                      |                      |
| closest channel      |                      |                      |
| bandwidth in both DL |                      |                      |
| and UL. Channel      |                      |                      |
| bandwidth 100MHz of  |                      |                      |
| bands n41, n48, n77, |                      |                      |
| n78, and n79 is      |                      |                      |
| mandatory without    |                      |                      |
| capability           |                      |                      |
| signalling (i.e.,    |                      |                      |
| purely mandatory) as |                      |                      |
| defined in \[55\] TS |                      |                      |
| 38.306 clause        |                      |                      |
| 4.2.7.2 for          |                      |                      |
| *channelB            |                      |                      |
| Ws-DL/channelBWs-UL* |                      |                      |
| parameters.          |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 12: For CA, DC, |                      |                      |
| SDL and SUL, the     |                      |                      |
| High-test channel    |                      |                      |
| bandwidth per        |                      |                      |
| component carrier is |                      |                      |
| chosen to allow      |                      |                      |
| maximum aggregated   |                      |                      |
| bandwidth defined    |                      |                      |
| for a given          |                      |                      |
| bandwidth            |                      |                      |
| combination set. In  |                      |                      |
| case no set of       |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidths   |                      |                      |
| per component        |                      |                      |
| carrier supported by |                      |                      |
| the UE can achieve   |                      |                      |
| maximum aggregated   |                      |                      |
| bandwidths in CA,    |                      |                      |
| DC, SDL or SUL,      |                      |                      |
| testing could be     |                      |                      |
| performed with one   |                      |                      |
| combination of       |                      |                      |
| bandwidth per        |                      |                      |
| component carrier    |                      |                      |
| within the bandwidth |                      |                      |
| combination set that |                      |                      |
| maximizes the        |                      |                      |
| aggregated bandwidth |                      |                      |
| instead of the       |                      |                      |
| values described in  |                      |                      |
| the Table.           |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 13: These UE    |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidths   |                      |                      |
| are applicable to    |                      |                      |
| sidelink operation.  |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 14: This UE     |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth is |                      |                      |
| applicable to both   |                      |                      |
| uplink and downlink  |                      |                      |
| when both uplink and |                      |                      |
| downlink are         |                      |                      |
| allocated and        |                      |                      |
| testing asymmetric   |                      |                      |
| BW is not explicitly |                      |                      |
| intended.            |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

NOTE 1: Void.

Table 4.3.1.0C-2: High Test Channel bandwidths for each NR band, FR2

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NR Band              | UE High Test Channel | RedCap UE High Test  |
|                      | bandwidth\           | Channel bandwidth\   |
|                      | \[MHz\]^1,\ 2,\ 3^   | \[MHz\]^1,\ 2^       |
+======================+======================+======================+
| n257                 | 400                  | 100                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n258                 | 400                  | 100                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n259                 | 400                  | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n260                 | 400                  | N/A                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| n261                 | 400                  | 100                  |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Note 1: Maximum      |                      |                      |
| channel BW value     |                      |                      |
| among all the        |                      |                      |
| possible channel     |                      |                      |
| BW-SCS combinations  |                      |                      |
| per band in Table    |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1 of TS        |                      |                      |
| 38.521-2 \[15\] are  |                      |                      |
| listed.              |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| applicable for a     |                      |                      |
| given subcarrier     |                      |                      |
| spacing, the maximum |                      |                      |
| bandwidth applicable |                      |                      |
| for such subcarrier  |                      |                      |
| spacing shall be     |                      |                      |
| tested.              |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is not     |                      |                      |
| defined in the UE    |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification        |                      |                      |
| according to         |                      |                      |
| 38.101-2 \[8\] Table |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1, the maximum |                      |                      |
| bandwidth defined    |                      |                      |
| for that band in the |                      |                      |
| UE release           |                      |                      |
| specification shall  |                      |                      |
| be tested.           |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| In case such         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth is         |                      |                      |
| optional in the UE   |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification        |                      |                      |
| according to         |                      |                      |
| 38.101-2 \[8\] Table |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1 and not      |                      |                      |
| supported by the UE, |                      |                      |
| the maximum          |                      |                      |
| non-optional         |                      |                      |
| bandwidth for the UE |                      |                      |
| release              |                      |                      |
| specification shall  |                      |                      |
| be tested.           |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 2: Values       |                      |                      |
| listed in this table |                      |                      |
| assume that the      |                      |                      |
| maximum              |                      |                      |
| (non-optional)       |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth    |                      |                      |
| specified in Table   |                      |                      |
| 5.3.5-1 of TS        |                      |                      |
| 38.101-2 \[8\] is    |                      |                      |
| mandatory with       |                      |                      |
| capability bit       |                      |                      |
| mandated to be set   |                      |                      |
| to 1 (i.e., purely   |                      |                      |
| mandatory) as        |                      |                      |
| defined in \[55\] TS |                      |                      |
| 38.306 clause        |                      |                      |
| 4.2.7.2 for          |                      |                      |
| *channelB            |                      |                      |
| Ws-DL/channelBWs-UL* |                      |                      |
| parameters.          |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 3: For CA and   |                      |                      |
| DC, the High-test    |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidth    |                      |                      |
| per component        |                      |                      |
| carrier is chosen to |                      |                      |
| allow maximum        |                      |                      |
| aggregated bandwidth |                      |                      |
| defined for a given  |                      |                      |
| bandwidth            |                      |                      |
| combination set. In  |                      |                      |
| case no set of       |                      |                      |
| channel bandwidths   |                      |                      |
| per component        |                      |                      |
| carrier supported by |                      |                      |
| the UE can achieve   |                      |                      |
| maximum aggregated   |                      |                      |
| bandwidths in CA and |                      |                      |
| DC, testing could be |                      |                      |
| performed with one   |                      |                      |
| combination of       |                      |                      |
| bandwidth per        |                      |                      |
| component carrier    |                      |                      |
| within the bandwidth |                      |                      |
| combination set that |                      |                      |
| maximizes the        |                      |                      |
| aggregated bandwidth |                      |                      |
| instead of the       |                      |                      |
| values described in  |                      |                      |
| the Table.           |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

NOTE 1 (Informative): In case values listed in table above are higher
than those signalled by the UE in
*supportedBandwidthDL/supportedBandwidthUL* parameters in a band
combination with a single band entry and a single CC entry (i.e., non-CA
band combination), testing for Rel-15 and Rel-16 could be performed
using the value signalled by the UE in single carrier operation instead
of the values described in Table 4.3.1.0C-2.

Table 4.3.1.0C-3: High Test Channel bandwidths for each NTN satellite
band, FR1-NTN

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **NTN satellite Band**           | **UE High Test Channel           |
|                                  | bandwidth\                       |
|                                  | \[MHz\]^1,\ 2^**                 |
+==================================+==================================+
| n256                             | 20                               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| n255                             | 20                               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| n254                             | 5                                |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Note 1: Maximum channel BW value |                                  |
| among all the possible channel   |                                  |
| BW-SCS combinations per band in  |                                  |
| Table 5.3.5-1 of TS 38.521-5     |                                  |
| \[57\] are listed.               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| Note 2: Values listed in this    |                                  |
| table assume that the maximum    |                                  |
| (non-optional) channel bandwidth |                                  |
| specified in Table 5.3.5-1 of TS |                                  |
| 38.101-5 \[56\] is mandatory     |                                  |
| without capability parameter     |                                  |
| (i.e., purely mandatory) as      |                                  |
| defined in TS 38.306 clauses     |                                  |
| 4.2.7.6/4.2.7.8 \[55\] for       |                                  |
| supportedBandwidthDL/            |                                  |
| supportedBandwidthUL parameters  |                                  |
| in a band combination with a     |                                  |
| single band entry and a single   |                                  |
| CC entry (i.e., non-CA band      |                                  |
| combination).                    |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 4.3.1.0D Bandwidth part

The value of *locationAndBandwidth* in *BWP* for FR1 is given in Table
4.3.1.0D-1. The value of *locationAndBandwidth* in *BWP* for FR2 is
given in Table 4.3.1.0D-2.

Table 4.3.1.0D-1: *locationAndBandwidth* in BWP for FR1

+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| BW\                   | SCS\  | L~RBs~\  | locationAndBandwidth\ |
| (MHz)                 | (kHz) | (Note 2) | (Note 1)              |
+=======================+=======+==========+=======================+
| 3                     | 15    | 15       | 3850                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 3                     | 30    | N/A      | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 3                     | 60    | N/A      | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 5                     | 15    | 25       | 6600                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 5                     | 30    | 11       | 2750                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 5                     | 60    | N/A      | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 10                    | 15    | 52       | 14025                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 10                    | 30    | 24       | 6325                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 10                    | 60    | 11       | 2750                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 15                    | 15    | 79       | 21450                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 15                    | 30    | 38       | 10175                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 15                    | 60    | 18       | 4675                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 20                    | 15    | 106      | 28875                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 20                    | 30    | 51       | 13750                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 20                    | 60    | 24       | 6325                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 25                    | 15    | 133      | 36300                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 25                    | 30    | 65       | 17600                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 25                    | 60    | 31       | 8250                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 30                    | 15    | 160      | 32174                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 30                    | 30    | 78       | 21175                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 30                    | 60    | 38       | 10175                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 35                    | 15    | 188      | 24474                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 35                    | 30    | 92       | 25025                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 35                    | 60    | 44       | 11825                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 40                    | 15    | 216      | 16774                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 40                    | 30    | 106      | 28875                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 40                    | 60    | 51       | 13750                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 45                    | 15    | 242      | 9624                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 45                    | 30    | 119      | 32450                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 45                    | 60    | 58       | 15675                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 50                    | 15    | 270      | 1924                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 50                    | 30    | 133      | 36300                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 50                    | 60    | 65       | 17600                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 60                    | 15    | N/A      | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 60                    | 30    | 162      | 31624                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 60                    | 60    | 79       | 21450                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 70                    | 15    | N/A      | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 70                    | 30    | 189      | 24199                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 70                    | 60    | 93       | 25300                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 80                    | 15    | N/A      | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 80                    | 30    | 217      | 16499                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 80                    | 60    | 107      | 29150                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 90                    | 15    | N/A      | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 90                    | 30    | 245      | 8799                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 90                    | 60    | 121      | 33000                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 100                   | 15    | N/A      | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 100                   | 30    | 273      | 1099                  |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| 100                   | 60    | 135      | 36850                 |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+
| Note 1: The value for |       |          |                       |
| *                     |       |          |                       |
| locationAndBandwidth* |       |          |                       |
| parameter is          |       |          |                       |
| calculated as the RIV |       |          |                       |
| value in accordance   |       |          |                       |
| to TS 38.214 \[21\]   |       |          |                       |
| with = 275, =0 and    |       |          |                       |
| for each bandwidth    |       |          |                       |
| and subcarrier        |       |          |                       |
| spacing.              |       |          |                       |
|                       |       |          |                       |
| Note 2:               |       |          |                       |
| ![](./medi            |       |          |                       |
| a/image4.wmf){width=" |       |          |                       |
| 0.3333333333333333in" |       |          |                       |
| height="0.25in"}= Max |       |          |                       |
| N~RB~ is the default  |       |          |                       |
| configuration, unless |       |          |                       |
| explicitly specified. |       |          |                       |
+-----------------------+-------+----------+-----------------------+

Table 4.3.1.0D-2: *locationAndBandwidth* in BWP for FR2

+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+
| BW\                 | SCS\  | L~RBs~\       | lo                  |
| (MHz)               | (kHz) | (Note 2)      | cationAndBandwidth\ |
|                     |       |               | (Note 1)            |
+=====================+=======+===============+=====================+
| 50                  | 60    | 66            | 17875               |
+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+
| 50                  | 120   | 32            | 8525                |
+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+
| 100                 | 60    | 132           | 36025               |
+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+
| 100                 | 120   | 24^(Note\ 3)^ | 6325                |
+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+
| 100                 | 120   | 48^(Note\ 3)^ | 12925               |
+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+
| 100                 | 120   | 66            | 17875               |
+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+
| 200                 | 60    | 264           | 3574                |
+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+
| 200                 | 120   | 132           | 36025               |
+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+
| 400                 | 60    | N/A           | N/A                 |
+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+
| 400                 | 120   | 264           | 3574                |
+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+
| Note 1: The value   |       |               |                     |
| for                 |       |               |                     |
| *lo                 |       |               |                     |
| cationAndBandwidth* |       |               |                     |
| parameter is        |       |               |                     |
| calculated as the   |       |               |                     |
| RIV value in        |       |               |                     |
| accordance to TS    |       |               |                     |
| 38.214 \[21\] with  |       |               |                     |
| = 275 and =0 for    |       |               |                     |
| each bandwidth and  |       |               |                     |
| subcarrier spacing. |       |               |                     |
|                     |       |               |                     |
| Note 2:             |       |               |                     |
| ![](./media/im      |       |               |                     |
| age4.wmf){width="0. |       |               |                     |
| 3333333333333333in" |       |               |                     |
| height="0.166       |       |               |                     |
| 66666666666666in"}= |       |               |                     |
| Max N~RB~ is the    |       |               |                     |
| default             |       |               |                     |
| configuration,      |       |               |                     |
| unless explicitly   |       |               |                     |
| specified.          |       |               |                     |
|                     |       |               |                     |
| Note 3: For         |       |               |                     |
| configurations      |       |               |                     |
| where the           |       |               |                     |
| ![](./media/im      |       |               |                     |
| age4.wmf){width="0. |       |               |                     |
| 3333333333333333in" |       |               |                     |
| height="0.25in"} is |       |               |                     |
| explicitly          |       |               |                     |
| specified to be     |       |               |                     |
| ![](./media/im      |       |               |                     |
| age4.wmf){width="0. |       |               |                     |
| 3333333333333333in" |       |               |                     |
| height="0.25in"}\<  |       |               |                     |
| Max N~RB~.          |       |               |                     |
+---------------------+-------+---------------+---------------------+

#### 4.3.1.0E Void

#### 4.3.1.1 Test frequencies for NR operating bands in FR1

##### 4.3.1.1.1 NR operating bands in FR1

###### 4.3.1.1.1.1 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n1

Table 4.3.1.1.1.1-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n1 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th><img src="./media/image5.wmf" style="width:0.33333in;height:0.25in" /></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2112.5</td>
<td>422500</td>
<td>2110.25</td>
<td>422050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5279</td>
<td>422410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2119.39</td>
<td>423878</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5350</td>
<td>427970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>103</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2167.5</td>
<td>433500</td>
<td>2074.53</td>
<td>414906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5418</td>
<td>433470</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1922.5</td>
<td>384500</td>
<td>1920.25</td>
<td>384050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1857.03</td>
<td>371406</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1977.5</td>
<td>395500</td>
<td>1974.17</td>
<td>394834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.32</td>
<td>422064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5280</td>
<td>422430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2116.96</td>
<td>423392</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5344</td>
<td>427490</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>103</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2165</td>
<td>433000</td>
<td>2069.6</td>
<td>413920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5405</td>
<td>432490</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1925</td>
<td>385000</td>
<td>1920.32</td>
<td>384064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1854.6</td>
<td>370920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1975</td>
<td>395000</td>
<td>1969.24</td>
<td>393848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.39</td>
<td>422078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5281</td>
<td>422450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2114.53</td>
<td>422906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5338</td>
<td>427010</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2162.5</td>
<td>432500</td>
<td>2064.67</td>
<td>412934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5395</td>
<td>431570</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1927.5</td>
<td>385500</td>
<td>1920.39</td>
<td>384078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1852.17</td>
<td>370434</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1972.5</td>
<td>394500</td>
<td>1964.31</td>
<td>392862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.46</td>
<td>422092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5282</td>
<td>422650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2112.1</td>
<td>422420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5332</td>
<td>426530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>432000</td>
<td>2059.74</td>
<td>411948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5382</td>
<td>430590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1930</td>
<td>386000</td>
<td>1920.46</td>
<td>384092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1849.74</td>
<td>369948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1970</td>
<td>394000</td>
<td>1959.38</td>
<td>391876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2122.5</td>
<td>424500</td>
<td>2110.53</td>
<td>422106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2109.67</td>
<td>421934</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5326</td>
<td>426050</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2157.5</td>
<td>431500</td>
<td>2054.81</td>
<td>410962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5369</td>
<td>429610</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>386500</td>
<td>1920.53</td>
<td>384106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1847.31</td>
<td>369462</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1967.5</td>
<td>393500</td>
<td>1954.45</td>
<td>390890</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2125</td>
<td>425000</td>
<td>2110.6</td>
<td>422120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5284</td>
<td>422690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2107.24</td>
<td>421448</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5320</td>
<td>425570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2049.88</td>
<td>409976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5359</td>
<td>428690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>387000</td>
<td>1920.6</td>
<td>384120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1844.88</td>
<td>368976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1949.52</td>
<td>389904</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.56</td>
<td>422112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2102.2</td>
<td>420440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5308</td>
<td>424610</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>430000</td>
<td>2039.84</td>
<td>407968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5330</td>
<td>426490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1940</td>
<td>388000</td>
<td>1920.56</td>
<td>384112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1839.84</td>
<td>367968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1939.48</td>
<td>387896</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>45</td>
<td>242</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2132.5</td>
<td>426500</td>
<td>2110.72</td>
<td>422144</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5284</td>
<td>422690</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2(4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2099.86</td>
<td>419972</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5302</td>
<td>424130</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1(2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2147.5</td>
<td>429500</td>
<td>2035</td>
<td>407000</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5320</td>
<td>425570</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0(0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1942.5</td>
<td>388500</td>
<td>1920.72</td>
<td>384144</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1837.5</td>
<td>367500</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1957.5</td>
<td>391500</td>
<td>1934.64</td>
<td>386928</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2135</td>
<td>427000</td>
<td>2110.7</td>
<td>422140</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5282</td>
<td>422650</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2097.34</td>
<td>419468</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5296</td>
<td>423650</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2029.98</td>
<td>405996</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5307</td>
<td>424590</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1945</td>
<td>389000</td>
<td>1920.7</td>
<td>384140</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1834.98</td>
<td>366996</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1955</td>
<td>391000</td>
<td>1929.62</td>
<td>385924</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.1-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n1 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th><img src="./media/image5.wmf" style="width:0.33333in;height:0.25in" /></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.68</td>
<td>422136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2098.96</td>
<td>419792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5350</td>
<td>427970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2165</td>
<td>433000</td>
<td>1979.24</td>
<td>395848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5411</td>
<td>432970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1925</td>
<td>385000</td>
<td>1920.68</td>
<td>384136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1764.24</td>
<td>352848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1975</td>
<td>395000</td>
<td>1968.52</td>
<td>393704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.66</td>
<td>422132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5287</td>
<td>422930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2096.44</td>
<td>419288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5344</td>
<td>427490</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2162.5</td>
<td>432500</td>
<td>1974.22</td>
<td>394844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5401</td>
<td>432050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1927.5</td>
<td>385500</td>
<td>1920.66</td>
<td>384132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1761.72</td>
<td>352344</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1972.5</td>
<td>394500</td>
<td>1963.5</td>
<td>392700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.82</td>
<td>422164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5285</td>
<td>422890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2094.1</td>
<td>418820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5338</td>
<td>427010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>432000</td>
<td>1969.38</td>
<td>393876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5388</td>
<td>431070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1930</td>
<td>386000</td>
<td>1920.82</td>
<td>384164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1759.38</td>
<td>351876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1970</td>
<td>394000</td>
<td>1958.66</td>
<td>391732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2122.5</td>
<td>424500</td>
<td>2110.8</td>
<td>422160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2091.58</td>
<td>418316</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5332</td>
<td>426530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2157.5</td>
<td>431500</td>
<td>1964.36</td>
<td>392872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5375</td>
<td>430090</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>386500</td>
<td>1920.8</td>
<td>384160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1756.86</td>
<td>351372</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1967.5</td>
<td>393500</td>
<td>1953.64</td>
<td>390728</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2125</td>
<td>425000</td>
<td>2110.96</td>
<td>422192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5287</td>
<td>422930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2089.24</td>
<td>417848</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5326</td>
<td>426050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>1959.52</td>
<td>391904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5362</td>
<td>428930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>387000</td>
<td>1920.96</td>
<td>384192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1754.52</td>
<td>350904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1948.8</td>
<td>389760</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.92</td>
<td>422184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2084.2</td>
<td>416840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5314</td>
<td>425090</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>430000</td>
<td>1949.48</td>
<td>389896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5336</td>
<td>426970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1940</td>
<td>388000</td>
<td>1920.92</td>
<td>384184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1749.48</td>
<td>349896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1938.76</td>
<td>387752</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>45</td>
<td>119</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2132.5</td>
<td>426500</td>
<td>2111.08</td>
<td>422216</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5290</td>
<td>423170</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3(8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2081.86</td>
<td>416372</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5308</td>
<td>424610</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2(7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2147.5</td>
<td>429500</td>
<td>1944.64</td>
<td>388928</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5326</td>
<td>426050</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1(6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1942.5</td>
<td>388500</td>
<td>1921.08</td>
<td>384216</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1747.14</td>
<td>349428</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1957.5</td>
<td>391500</td>
<td>1933.92</td>
<td>386784</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2135</td>
<td>427000</td>
<td>2111.06</td>
<td>422212</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5288</td>
<td>423130</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2079.34</td>
<td>415868</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5302</td>
<td>424130</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>1939.62</td>
<td>387924</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5313</td>
<td>425070</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1945</td>
<td>389000</td>
<td>1921.06</td>
<td>384212</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1744.62</td>
<td>348924</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1955</td>
<td>391000</td>
<td>1928.9</td>
<td>385780</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.1-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n1 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2111.04</td>
<td>422208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2062.6</td>
<td>412520</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>427568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2165</td>
<td>433000</td>
<td>1798.16</td>
<td>359632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>432568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1925</td>
<td>385000</td>
<td>1921.04</td>
<td>384208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1583.16</td>
<td>316632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1975</td>
<td>395000</td>
<td>1966.72</td>
<td>393344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2111.02</td>
<td>422204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2060.08</td>
<td>412016</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>427064</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2162.5</td>
<td>432500</td>
<td>1793.14</td>
<td>358628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>431564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1927.5</td>
<td>385500</td>
<td>1921.02</td>
<td>384204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1580.64</td>
<td>316128</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1972.5</td>
<td>394500</td>
<td>1961.7</td>
<td>392340</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2111.36</td>
<td>422272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2057.92</td>
<td>411584</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>426632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>432000</td>
<td>1788.48</td>
<td>357696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>430632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1930</td>
<td>386000</td>
<td>1921.36</td>
<td>384272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1578.48</td>
<td>315696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1970</td>
<td>394000</td>
<td>1957.04</td>
<td>391408</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2122.5</td>
<td>424500</td>
<td>2111.34</td>
<td>422268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2055.4</td>
<td>411080</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>426128</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2157.5</td>
<td>431500</td>
<td>1783.46</td>
<td>356692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>429628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>386500</td>
<td>1921.34</td>
<td>384268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1575.96</td>
<td>315192</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1967.5</td>
<td>393500</td>
<td>1952.02</td>
<td>390404</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2125</td>
<td>425000</td>
<td>2111.32</td>
<td>422264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2052.88</td>
<td>410576</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>425624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>1778.44</td>
<td>355688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>428624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>387000</td>
<td>1921.32</td>
<td>384264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1573.44</td>
<td>314688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1947</td>
<td>389400</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2111.64</td>
<td>422328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2048.2</td>
<td>409640</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>424688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>430000</td>
<td>1768.76</td>
<td>353752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>426688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1940</td>
<td>388000</td>
<td>1921.64</td>
<td>384328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1568.76</td>
<td>313752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1937.32</td>
<td>387464</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>45</td>
<td>58</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2132.5</td>
<td>426500</td>
<td>2111.62</td>
<td>422324</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2045.68</td>
<td>409136</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>424184</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2147.5</td>
<td>429500</td>
<td>1763.74</td>
<td>352748</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>425684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1942.5</td>
<td>388500</td>
<td>1921.62</td>
<td>384324</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1566.24</td>
<td>313248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1957.5</td>
<td>391500</td>
<td>1932.3</td>
<td>386460</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2135</td>
<td>427000</td>
<td>2111.6</td>
<td>422320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422680</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2140</td>
<td>428000</td>
<td>2043.16</td>
<td>408632</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>423680</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>1758.72</td>
<td>351744</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>424680</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1945</td>
<td>389000</td>
<td>1921.6</td>
<td>384320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1563.72</td>
<td>312744</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1955</td>
<td>391000</td>
<td>1927.28</td>
<td>385456</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.2 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n2

Table 4.3.1.1.1.2-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n2 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>386500</td>
<td>1930.25</td>
<td>386050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4829</td>
<td>386410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1939.39</td>
<td>387878</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4900</td>
<td>391970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>103</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1987.5</td>
<td>397500</td>
<td>1894.53</td>
<td>378906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4968</td>
<td>397470</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1852.5</td>
<td>370500</td>
<td>1850.25</td>
<td>370050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1787.03</td>
<td>357406</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1907.5</td>
<td>381500</td>
<td>1904.17</td>
<td>380834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>387000</td>
<td>1930.32</td>
<td>386064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4830</td>
<td>386430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1936.96</td>
<td>387392</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4894</td>
<td>391490</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>103</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1985</td>
<td>397000</td>
<td>1889.6</td>
<td>377920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4955</td>
<td>396490</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>371000</td>
<td>1850.32</td>
<td>370064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1784.6</td>
<td>356920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1899.24</td>
<td>379848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1937.5</td>
<td>387500</td>
<td>1930.39</td>
<td>386078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4831</td>
<td>386450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1934.53</td>
<td>386906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4888</td>
<td>391010</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1982.5</td>
<td>396500</td>
<td>1884.67</td>
<td>376934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4945</td>
<td>395570</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1857.5</td>
<td>371500</td>
<td>1850.39</td>
<td>370078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1782.17</td>
<td>356434</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1902.5</td>
<td>380500</td>
<td>1894.31</td>
<td>378862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1940</td>
<td>388000</td>
<td>1930.46</td>
<td>386092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4832</td>
<td>386650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1932.1</td>
<td>386420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4882</td>
<td>390530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1980</td>
<td>396000</td>
<td>1879.74</td>
<td>375948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4932</td>
<td>394590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1860</td>
<td>372000</td>
<td>1850.46</td>
<td>370092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1779.74</td>
<td>355948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1889.38</td>
<td>377876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1942.5</td>
<td>388500</td>
<td>1930.53</td>
<td>386106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4833</td>
<td>386670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1929.67</td>
<td>385934</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4876</td>
<td>390050</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1977.5</td>
<td>395500</td>
<td>1874.81</td>
<td>374962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4919</td>
<td>393610</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1862.5</td>
<td>372500</td>
<td>1850.53</td>
<td>370106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1777.31</td>
<td>355462</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1897.5</td>
<td>379500</td>
<td>1884.45</td>
<td>376890</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1945</td>
<td>389000</td>
<td>1930.6</td>
<td>386120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4834</td>
<td>386690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1927.24</td>
<td>385448</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4870</td>
<td>389570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1975</td>
<td>395000</td>
<td>1869.88</td>
<td>373976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4909</td>
<td>392690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1865</td>
<td>373000</td>
<td>1850.6</td>
<td>370120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1774.88</td>
<td>354976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1895</td>
<td>379000</td>
<td>1879.52</td>
<td>375904</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>35</td>
<td>188</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1947.5</td>
<td>389500</td>
<td>1930.58</td>
<td>386116</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4832</td>
<td>386650</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1924.72</td>
<td>384944</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4864</td>
<td>389090</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1972.5</td>
<td>394500</td>
<td>1864.86</td>
<td>372972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4896</td>
<td>391710</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1867.5</td>
<td>373500</td>
<td>1850.58</td>
<td>370116</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1772.36</td>
<td>354472</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1892.5</td>
<td>378500</td>
<td>1874.5</td>
<td>374900</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1930.56</td>
<td>386112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4833</td>
<td>386670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1922.2</td>
<td>384440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4858</td>
<td>388610</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1970</td>
<td>394000</td>
<td>1859.84</td>
<td>371968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4880</td>
<td>390490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1870</td>
<td>374000</td>
<td>1850.56</td>
<td>370112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1769.84</td>
<td>353968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1890</td>
<td>378000</td>
<td>1869.48</td>
<td>373896</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.2-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n2 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>387000</td>
<td>1930.68</td>
<td>386136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4836</td>
<td>386910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1918.96</td>
<td>383792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4900</td>
<td>391970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1985</td>
<td>397000</td>
<td>1799.24</td>
<td>359848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4961</td>
<td>396970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>371000</td>
<td>1850.68</td>
<td>370136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1694.24</td>
<td>338848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1898.52</td>
<td>379704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1937.5</td>
<td>387500</td>
<td>1930.66</td>
<td>386132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4837</td>
<td>386930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1916.44</td>
<td>383288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4894</td>
<td>391490</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1982.5</td>
<td>396500</td>
<td>1794.22</td>
<td>358844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4951</td>
<td>396050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1857.5</td>
<td>371500</td>
<td>1850.66</td>
<td>370132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1691.72</td>
<td>338344</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1902.5</td>
<td>380500</td>
<td>1893.5</td>
<td>378700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1940</td>
<td>388000</td>
<td>1930.82</td>
<td>386164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4835</td>
<td>386890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1914.1</td>
<td>382820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4888</td>
<td>391010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1980</td>
<td>396000</td>
<td>1789.38</td>
<td>357876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4938</td>
<td>395070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1860</td>
<td>372000</td>
<td>1850.82</td>
<td>370164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1689.38</td>
<td>337876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1888.66</td>
<td>377732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1942.5</td>
<td>388500</td>
<td>1930.8</td>
<td>386160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4836</td>
<td>386910</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1911.58</td>
<td>382316</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4882</td>
<td>390530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1977.5</td>
<td>395500</td>
<td>1784.36</td>
<td>356872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4925</td>
<td>394090</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1862.5</td>
<td>372500</td>
<td>1850.8</td>
<td>370160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1686.86</td>
<td>337372</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1897.5</td>
<td>379500</td>
<td>1883.64</td>
<td>376728</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1945</td>
<td>389000</td>
<td>1930.96</td>
<td>386192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4837</td>
<td>386930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1909.24</td>
<td>381848</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4876</td>
<td>390050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1975</td>
<td>395000</td>
<td>1779.52</td>
<td>355904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4912</td>
<td>392930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1865</td>
<td>373000</td>
<td>1850.96</td>
<td>370192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1684.52</td>
<td>336904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1895</td>
<td>379000</td>
<td>1878.8</td>
<td>375760</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>35</td>
<td>92</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1947.5</td>
<td>389500</td>
<td>1930.94</td>
<td>386188</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4838</td>
<td>387130</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1906.72</td>
<td>381344</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4870</td>
<td>389570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1972.5</td>
<td>394500</td>
<td>1774.5</td>
<td>354900</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4899</td>
<td>391950</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1867.5</td>
<td>373500</td>
<td>1850.94</td>
<td>370188</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1682</td>
<td>336400</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1892.5</td>
<td>378500</td>
<td>1873.78</td>
<td>374756</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1930.92</td>
<td>386184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4836</td>
<td>386910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1904.2</td>
<td>380840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4864</td>
<td>389090</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1970</td>
<td>394000</td>
<td>1769.48</td>
<td>353896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4886</td>
<td>390970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1870</td>
<td>374000</td>
<td>1850.92</td>
<td>370184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1679.48</td>
<td>335896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1890</td>
<td>378000</td>
<td>1868.76</td>
<td>373752</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.2-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n2 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>387000</td>
<td>1931.04</td>
<td>386208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1882.6</td>
<td>376520</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>391568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1985</td>
<td>397000</td>
<td>1618.16</td>
<td>323632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>396568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>371000</td>
<td>1851.04</td>
<td>370208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1513.16</td>
<td>302632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1896.72</td>
<td>379344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1937.5</td>
<td>387500</td>
<td>1931.02</td>
<td>386204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1880.08</td>
<td>376016</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>391064</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1982.5</td>
<td>396500</td>
<td>1613.14</td>
<td>322628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>395564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1857.5</td>
<td>371500</td>
<td>1851.02</td>
<td>370204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1510.64</td>
<td>302128</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1902.5</td>
<td>380500</td>
<td>1891.7</td>
<td>378340</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1940</td>
<td>388000</td>
<td>1931.36</td>
<td>386272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1877.92</td>
<td>375584</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>390632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1980</td>
<td>396000</td>
<td>1608.48</td>
<td>321696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>394632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1860</td>
<td>372000</td>
<td>1851.36</td>
<td>370272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1508.48</td>
<td>301696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1887.04</td>
<td>377408</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1942.5</td>
<td>388500</td>
<td>1931.34</td>
<td>386268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1875.4</td>
<td>375080</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>390128</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1977.5</td>
<td>395500</td>
<td>1603.46</td>
<td>320692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>393628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1862.5</td>
<td>372500</td>
<td>1851.34</td>
<td>370268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1505.96</td>
<td>301192</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1897.5</td>
<td>379500</td>
<td>1882.02</td>
<td>376404</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1945</td>
<td>389000</td>
<td>1931.32</td>
<td>386264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1872.88</td>
<td>374576</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>389624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1975</td>
<td>395000</td>
<td>1598.44</td>
<td>319688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>392624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1865</td>
<td>373000</td>
<td>1851.32</td>
<td>370264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1503.44</td>
<td>300688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1895</td>
<td>379000</td>
<td>1877</td>
<td>375400</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>35</td>
<td>44</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1947.5</td>
<td>389500</td>
<td>1931.66</td>
<td>386332</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386692</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1870.72</td>
<td>374144</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>389192</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1972.5</td>
<td>394500</td>
<td>1593.78</td>
<td>318756</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>391692</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1867.5</td>
<td>373500</td>
<td>1851.66</td>
<td>370332</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1501.28</td>
<td>300256</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1892.5</td>
<td>378500</td>
<td>1872.34</td>
<td>374468</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1931.64</td>
<td>386328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1960</td>
<td>392000</td>
<td>1868.2</td>
<td>373640</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>388688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1970</td>
<td>394000</td>
<td>1588.76</td>
<td>317752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>390688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1870</td>
<td>374000</td>
<td>1851.64</td>
<td>370328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1880</td>
<td>376000</td>
<td>1498.76</td>
<td>299752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1890</td>
<td>378000</td>
<td>1867.32</td>
<td>373464</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.3 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n3 

Table 4.3.1.1.1.3-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n3 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1807.5</td>
<td>361500</td>
<td>1805.25</td>
<td>361050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4518</td>
<td>361470</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1821.89</td>
<td>364378</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4604</td>
<td>368410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1877.5</td>
<td>375500</td>
<td>1784.53</td>
<td>356906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4693</td>
<td>375410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1712.5</td>
<td>342500</td>
<td>1710.25</td>
<td>342050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1654.53</td>
<td>330906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1782.5</td>
<td>356500</td>
<td>1779.17</td>
<td>355834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1810</td>
<td>362000</td>
<td>1805.32</td>
<td>361064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4519</td>
<td>361490</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1819.46</td>
<td>363892</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4598</td>
<td>367930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1875</td>
<td>375000</td>
<td>1779.6</td>
<td>355920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4680</td>
<td>374430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.32</td>
<td>342064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1652.1</td>
<td>330420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1780</td>
<td>356000</td>
<td>1774.24</td>
<td>354848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1812.5</td>
<td>362500</td>
<td>1805.39</td>
<td>361078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4517</td>
<td>361450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1817.03</td>
<td>363406</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4592</td>
<td>367450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1872.5</td>
<td>374500</td>
<td>1774.67</td>
<td>354934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4667</td>
<td>373450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1710.39</td>
<td>342078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1649.67</td>
<td>329934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1777.5</td>
<td>355500</td>
<td>1769.31</td>
<td>353862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1815</td>
<td>363000</td>
<td>1805.46</td>
<td>361092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4518</td>
<td>361470</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1814.6</td>
<td>362920</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4586</td>
<td>366970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1870</td>
<td>374000</td>
<td>1769.74</td>
<td>353948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4657</td>
<td>372530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1710.46</td>
<td>342092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1647.24</td>
<td>329448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1764.38</td>
<td>352876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1817.5</td>
<td>363500</td>
<td>1805.53</td>
<td>361106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4519</td>
<td>361490</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1812.17</td>
<td>362434</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4580</td>
<td>366490</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1867.5</td>
<td>373500</td>
<td>1764.81</td>
<td>352962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4644</td>
<td>371550</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1722.5</td>
<td>344500</td>
<td>1710.53</td>
<td>342106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1644.81</td>
<td>328962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1759.45</td>
<td>351890</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1820</td>
<td>364000</td>
<td>1805.6</td>
<td>361120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4520</td>
<td>361690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1809.74</td>
<td>361948</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4574</td>
<td>366010</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1865</td>
<td>373000</td>
<td>1759.88</td>
<td>351976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4631</td>
<td>370570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1725</td>
<td>345000</td>
<td>1710.6</td>
<td>342120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1642.38</td>
<td>328476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1754.52</td>
<td>350904</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>35</td>
<td>188</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1822.5</td>
<td>364500</td>
<td>1805.58</td>
<td>361116</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4521</td>
<td>361710</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1807.22</td>
<td>361444</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4568</td>
<td>365530</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>103</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1862.5</td>
<td>372500</td>
<td>1754.86</td>
<td>350972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4621</td>
<td>369650</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2(4)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1727.5</td>
<td>345500</td>
<td>1710.58</td>
<td>342116</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1639.86</td>
<td>327972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1767.5</td>
<td>353500</td>
<td>1749.5</td>
<td>349900</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1825</td>
<td>365000</td>
<td>1805.56</td>
<td>361112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4519</td>
<td>361490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1804.7</td>
<td>360940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4562</td>
<td>365050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1860</td>
<td>372000</td>
<td>1749.84</td>
<td>349968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4608</td>
<td>368670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>346000</td>
<td>1710.56</td>
<td>342112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1637.34</td>
<td>327468</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1744.48</td>
<td>348896</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>45</td>
<td>242</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1827.5</td>
<td>365500</td>
<td>1805.72</td>
<td>361144</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4520</td>
<td>361690</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1802.36</td>
<td>360472</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4556</td>
<td>364570</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>103</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1857.5</td>
<td>371500</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4595</td>
<td>367690</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1732.5</td>
<td>346500</td>
<td>1710.72</td>
<td>342144</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1635</td>
<td>327000</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1762.5</td>
<td>352500</td>
<td>1739.64</td>
<td>347928</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1830</td>
<td>366000</td>
<td>1805.7</td>
<td>361140</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4521</td>
<td>361710</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1799.84</td>
<td>359968</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4550</td>
<td>364090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>371000</td>
<td>1739.98</td>
<td>347996</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4582</td>
<td>366530</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1735</td>
<td>347000</td>
<td>1710.7</td>
<td>342140</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1632.48</td>
<td>326496</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>352000</td>
<td>1734.62</td>
<td>346924</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.3-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n3 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1810</td>
<td>362000</td>
<td>1805.68</td>
<td>361136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4525</td>
<td>361970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1801.46</td>
<td>360292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4604</td>
<td>368410</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1875</td>
<td>375000</td>
<td>1689.24</td>
<td>337848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4686</td>
<td>374910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.68</td>
<td>342136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1561.74</td>
<td>312348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1780</td>
<td>356000</td>
<td>1773.52</td>
<td>354704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1812.5</td>
<td>362500</td>
<td>1805.66</td>
<td>361132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4523</td>
<td>361930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1798.94</td>
<td>359788</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4598</td>
<td>367930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1872.5</td>
<td>374500</td>
<td>1684.22</td>
<td>336844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4673</td>
<td>373930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1710.66</td>
<td>342132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1559.22</td>
<td>311844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1777.5</td>
<td>355500</td>
<td>1768.5</td>
<td>353700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1815</td>
<td>363000</td>
<td>1805.82</td>
<td>361164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4524</td>
<td>361950</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1796.6</td>
<td>359320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4592</td>
<td>367450</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1870</td>
<td>374000</td>
<td>1679.38</td>
<td>335876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4663</td>
<td>373010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1710.82</td>
<td>342164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1556.88</td>
<td>311376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1763.66</td>
<td>352732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1817.5</td>
<td>363500</td>
<td>1805.8</td>
<td>361160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4525</td>
<td>361970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1794.08</td>
<td>358816</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4586</td>
<td>366970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1867.5</td>
<td>373500</td>
<td>1674.36</td>
<td>334872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4650</td>
<td>372030</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1722.5</td>
<td>344500</td>
<td>1710.8</td>
<td>342160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1554.36</td>
<td>310872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1758.64</td>
<td>351728</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1820</td>
<td>364000</td>
<td>1805.96</td>
<td>361192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4523</td>
<td>361930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1791.74</td>
<td>358348</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4580</td>
<td>366490</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1865</td>
<td>373000</td>
<td>1669.52</td>
<td>333904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4637</td>
<td>371050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1725</td>
<td>345000</td>
<td>1710.96</td>
<td>342192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1552.02</td>
<td>310404</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1753.8</td>
<td>350760</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>35</td>
<td>92</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1822.5</td>
<td>364500</td>
<td>1805.94</td>
<td>361188</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4524</td>
<td>361950</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1789.22</td>
<td>357844</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4574</td>
<td>366010</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1862.5</td>
<td>372500</td>
<td>1664.5</td>
<td>332900</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4627</td>
<td>370130</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1727.5</td>
<td>345500</td>
<td>1710.94</td>
<td>342188</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1549.5</td>
<td>309900</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1767.5</td>
<td>353500</td>
<td>1748.78</td>
<td>349756</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1825</td>
<td>365000</td>
<td>1805.92</td>
<td>361184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4525</td>
<td>361970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1786.7</td>
<td>357340</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4568</td>
<td>365530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1860</td>
<td>372000</td>
<td>1659.48</td>
<td>331896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4611</td>
<td>368910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>346000</td>
<td>1710.92</td>
<td>342184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1546.98</td>
<td>309396</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1743.76</td>
<td>348752</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>45</td>
<td>119</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1827.5</td>
<td>365500</td>
<td>1806.08</td>
<td>361216</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4526</td>
<td>362170</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1784.36</td>
<td>356872</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4562</td>
<td>365050</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1857.5</td>
<td>371500</td>
<td>1654.64</td>
<td>330928</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4601</td>
<td>368170</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1732.5</td>
<td>346500</td>
<td>1711.08</td>
<td>342216</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1544.64</td>
<td>308928</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1762.5</td>
<td>352500</td>
<td>1738.92</td>
<td>347784</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1830</td>
<td>366000</td>
<td>1806.06</td>
<td>361212</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4524</td>
<td>361950</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1781.84</td>
<td>356368</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4556</td>
<td>364570</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>371000</td>
<td>1649.62</td>
<td>329924</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4588</td>
<td>367010</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1(6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1735</td>
<td>347000</td>
<td>1711.06</td>
<td>342212</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1542.12</td>
<td>308424</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>352000</td>
<td>1733.9</td>
<td>346780</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.3-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n3 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1810</td>
<td>362000</td>
<td>1806.04</td>
<td>361208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>361568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1765.1</td>
<td>353020</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>368068</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1875</td>
<td>375000</td>
<td>1508.16</td>
<td>301632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>374568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1711.04</td>
<td>342208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1380.66</td>
<td>276132</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1780</td>
<td>356000</td>
<td>1771.72</td>
<td>354344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1812.5</td>
<td>362500</td>
<td>1806.02</td>
<td>361204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>361564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1762.58</td>
<td>352516</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>367564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1872.5</td>
<td>374500</td>
<td>1503.14</td>
<td>300628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>373564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1711.02</td>
<td>342204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1378.14</td>
<td>275628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1777.5</td>
<td>355500</td>
<td>1766.7</td>
<td>353340</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1815</td>
<td>363000</td>
<td>1806.36</td>
<td>361272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>361632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1760.42</td>
<td>352084</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>367132</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1870</td>
<td>374000</td>
<td>1498.48</td>
<td>299696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>372632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1711.36</td>
<td>342272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1375.98</td>
<td>275196</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1762.04</td>
<td>352408</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1817.5</td>
<td>363500</td>
<td>1806.34</td>
<td>361268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>361628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1757.9</td>
<td>351580</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>366628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1867.5</td>
<td>373500</td>
<td>1493.46</td>
<td>298692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>371628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1722.5</td>
<td>344500</td>
<td>1711.34</td>
<td>342268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1373.46</td>
<td>274692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1757.02</td>
<td>351404</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1820</td>
<td>364000</td>
<td>1806.32</td>
<td>361264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>361624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1755.38</td>
<td>351076</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>366124</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1865</td>
<td>373000</td>
<td>1488.44</td>
<td>297688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>370624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1725</td>
<td>345000</td>
<td>1711.32</td>
<td>342264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1370.94</td>
<td>274188</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1752</td>
<td>350400</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>35</td>
<td>44</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1822.5</td>
<td>364500</td>
<td>1806.66</td>
<td>361332</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>361692</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1753.22</td>
<td>350644</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>365692</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1862.5</td>
<td>372500</td>
<td>1483.78</td>
<td>296756</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>369692</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1727.5</td>
<td>345500</td>
<td>1711.66</td>
<td>342332</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1368.78</td>
<td>273756</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1767.5</td>
<td>353500</td>
<td>1747.34</td>
<td>349468</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1825</td>
<td>365000</td>
<td>1806.64</td>
<td>361328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>361688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1750.7</td>
<td>350140</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>365188</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1860</td>
<td>372000</td>
<td>1478.76</td>
<td>295752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>368688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>346000</td>
<td>1711.64</td>
<td>342328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1366.26</td>
<td>273252</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1742.32</td>
<td>348464</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>45</td>
<td>58</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1827.5</td>
<td>365500</td>
<td>1806.62</td>
<td>361324</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>361684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1748.18</td>
<td>349636</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>364684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1857.5</td>
<td>371500</td>
<td>1473.74</td>
<td>294748</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>367684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1732.5</td>
<td>346500</td>
<td>1711.62</td>
<td>342324</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1363.74</td>
<td>272748</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1762.5</td>
<td>352500</td>
<td>1737.3</td>
<td>347460</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1830</td>
<td>366000</td>
<td>1806.6</td>
<td>361320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>361680</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1842.5</td>
<td>368500</td>
<td>1745.66</td>
<td>349132</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>364180</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>371000</td>
<td>1468.72</td>
<td>293744</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>366680</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1735</td>
<td>347000</td>
<td>1711.6</td>
<td>342320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1747.5</td>
<td>349500</td>
<td>1361.22</td>
<td>272244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>352000</td>
<td>1732.28</td>
<td>346456</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.4 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.5 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n5 

Table 4.3.1.1.1.5-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n5, SCS 15
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>871.5</td>
<td>174300</td>
<td>869.25</td>
<td>173850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2178</td>
<td>174270</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>881.5</td>
<td>176300</td>
<td>860.89</td>
<td>172178</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2203</td>
<td>176210</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>891.5</td>
<td>178300</td>
<td>798.53</td>
<td>159706</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2228</td>
<td>178330</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>826.5</td>
<td>165300</td>
<td>824.25</td>
<td>164850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>836.5</td>
<td>167300</td>
<td>743.53</td>
<td>148706</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>846.5</td>
<td>169300</td>
<td>843.17</td>
<td>168634</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>874</td>
<td>174800</td>
<td>869.32</td>
<td>173864</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2179</td>
<td>174290</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>881.5</td>
<td>176300</td>
<td>858.46</td>
<td>171692</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2197</td>
<td>175730</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>889</td>
<td>177800</td>
<td>793.6</td>
<td>158720</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2218</td>
<td>177410</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>829</td>
<td>165800</td>
<td>824.32</td>
<td>164864</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>836.5</td>
<td>167300</td>
<td>741.1</td>
<td>148220</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>844</td>
<td>168800</td>
<td>838.24</td>
<td>167648</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>869.39</td>
<td>173878</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2177</td>
<td>174250</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>881.5</td>
<td>176300</td>
<td>856.03</td>
<td>171206</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2191</td>
<td>175250</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>886.5</td>
<td>177300</td>
<td>788.67</td>
<td>157734</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2205</td>
<td>176430</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>824.39</td>
<td>164878</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>836.5</td>
<td>167300</td>
<td>738.67</td>
<td>147734</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>841.5</td>
<td>168300</td>
<td>833.31</td>
<td>166662</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>879</td>
<td>175800</td>
<td>869.46</td>
<td>173892</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2178</td>
<td>174270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>881.5</td>
<td>176300</td>
<td>853.6</td>
<td>170720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2185</td>
<td>174770</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>884</td>
<td>176800</td>
<td>783.74</td>
<td>156748</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2192</td>
<td>175450</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>166800</td>
<td>824.46</td>
<td>164892</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>836.5</td>
<td>167300</td>
<td>736.24</td>
<td>147248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>839</td>
<td>167800</td>
<td>828.38</td>
<td>165676</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>881.5</td>
<td>176300</td>
<td>869.53</td>
<td>173906</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2179</td>
<td>174290</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>836.5</td>
<td>167300</td>
<td>826.96</td>
<td>165392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: Void.</p>
<p>Note 4: 20/25 MHz UL/DL Bandwidth combination is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.5-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n5, SCS 30
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>874</td>
<td>174800</td>
<td>869.68</td>
<td>173936</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>2185</td>
<td>174770</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>881.5</td>
<td>176300</td>
<td>840.46</td>
<td>168092</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2203</td>
<td>176210</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>889</td>
<td>177800</td>
<td>703.24</td>
<td>140648</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2224</td>
<td>177890</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>829</td>
<td>165800</td>
<td>824.68</td>
<td>164936</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>836.5</td>
<td>167300</td>
<td>650.74</td>
<td>130148</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>844</td>
<td>168800</td>
<td>837.52</td>
<td>167504</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>869.66</td>
<td>173932</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>2183</td>
<td>174730</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>881.5</td>
<td>176300</td>
<td>837.94</td>
<td>167588</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2197</td>
<td>175730</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>886.5</td>
<td>177300</td>
<td>698.22</td>
<td>139644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2208</td>
<td>176670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>824.66</td>
<td>164932</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>836.5</td>
<td>167300</td>
<td>648.22</td>
<td>129644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>841.5</td>
<td>168300</td>
<td>832.5</td>
<td>166500</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>879</td>
<td>175800</td>
<td>869.82</td>
<td>173964</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>2184</td>
<td>174750</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>881.5</td>
<td>176300</td>
<td>835.6</td>
<td>167120</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2191</td>
<td>175250</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>884</td>
<td>176800</td>
<td>693.38</td>
<td>138676</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2195</td>
<td>175690</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>166800</td>
<td>824.82</td>
<td>164964</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>836.5</td>
<td>167300</td>
<td>645.88</td>
<td>129176</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>839</td>
<td>167800</td>
<td>827.66</td>
<td>165532</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>881.5</td>
<td>176300</td>
<td>869.8</td>
<td>173960</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>2185</td>
<td>174770</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>836.54</td>
<td>167300</td>
<td>827.32</td>
<td>165464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: Void.</p>
<p>Note 4: 20/25 MHz UL/DL Bandwidth combination is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.6 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.7 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n7

Table 4.3.1.1.1.7-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n7 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2622.5</td>
<td>524500</td>
<td>2620.25</td>
<td>524050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6554</td>
<td>524410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2634.39</td>
<td>526878</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6636</td>
<td>530910</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2687.5</td>
<td>537500</td>
<td>2594.53</td>
<td>518906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6718</td>
<td>537410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2502.5</td>
<td>500500</td>
<td>2500.25</td>
<td>500050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2442.03</td>
<td>488406</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2567.5</td>
<td>513500</td>
<td>2564.17</td>
<td>512834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2625</td>
<td>525000</td>
<td>2620.32</td>
<td>524064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6555</td>
<td>524430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2631.96</td>
<td>526392</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6630</td>
<td>530430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>537000</td>
<td>2589.6</td>
<td>517920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6705</td>
<td>536430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2505</td>
<td>501000</td>
<td>2500.32</td>
<td>500064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2439.6</td>
<td>487920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2565</td>
<td>513000</td>
<td>2559.24</td>
<td>511848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2627.5</td>
<td>525500</td>
<td>2620.39</td>
<td>524078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6556</td>
<td>524450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2629.53</td>
<td>525906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6624</td>
<td>529950</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2682.5</td>
<td>536500</td>
<td>2584.67</td>
<td>516934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6692</td>
<td>535450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2507.5</td>
<td>501500</td>
<td>2500.39</td>
<td>500078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2437.17</td>
<td>487434</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2562.5</td>
<td>512500</td>
<td>2554.31</td>
<td>510862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2630</td>
<td>526000</td>
<td>2620.46</td>
<td>524092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6557</td>
<td>524650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2627.1</td>
<td>525420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6618</td>
<td>529470</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2680</td>
<td>536000</td>
<td>2579.74</td>
<td>515948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6682</td>
<td>534530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2510</td>
<td>502000</td>
<td>2500.46</td>
<td>500092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2434.74</td>
<td>486948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2560</td>
<td>512000</td>
<td>2549.38</td>
<td>509876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2632.5</td>
<td>526500</td>
<td>2620.53</td>
<td>524106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6558</td>
<td>524670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2624.67</td>
<td>524934</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6612</td>
<td>528990</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2677.5</td>
<td>535500</td>
<td>2574.81</td>
<td>514962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6669</td>
<td>533550</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2512.5</td>
<td>502500</td>
<td>2500.53</td>
<td>500106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2432.31</td>
<td>486462</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2557.5</td>
<td>511500</td>
<td>2544.45</td>
<td>508890</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2635</td>
<td>527000</td>
<td>2620.6</td>
<td>524120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6559</td>
<td>524690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2622.24</td>
<td>524448</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6606</td>
<td>528510</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2675</td>
<td>535000</td>
<td>2569.88</td>
<td>513976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6656</td>
<td>532570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2515</td>
<td>503000</td>
<td>2500.6</td>
<td>500120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2429.88</td>
<td>485976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2555</td>
<td>511000</td>
<td>2539.52</td>
<td>507904</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>528000</td>
<td>2620.56</td>
<td>524112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6558</td>
<td>524670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2617.2</td>
<td>523440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6594</td>
<td>527550</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2670</td>
<td>534000</td>
<td>2559.84</td>
<td>511968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6633</td>
<td>530670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2520</td>
<td>504000</td>
<td>2500.56</td>
<td>500112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2424.84</td>
<td>484968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2550</td>
<td>510000</td>
<td>2529.48</td>
<td>505896</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2645</td>
<td>529000</td>
<td>2620.7</td>
<td>524140</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6557</td>
<td>524650</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2612.34</td>
<td>522468</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6582</td>
<td>526590</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2665</td>
<td>533000</td>
<td>2549.98</td>
<td>509996</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6607</td>
<td>528530</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2525</td>
<td>505000</td>
<td>2500.7</td>
<td>500140</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2419.98</td>
<td>483996</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2545</td>
<td>509000</td>
<td>2519.62</td>
<td>503924</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.7-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n7 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2625</td>
<td>525000</td>
<td>2620.68</td>
<td>524136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6561</td>
<td>524910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2613.96</td>
<td>522792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6636</td>
<td>530910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>537000</td>
<td>2499.24</td>
<td>499848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6711</td>
<td>536910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2505</td>
<td>501000</td>
<td>2500.68</td>
<td>500136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2349.24</td>
<td>469848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2565</td>
<td>513000</td>
<td>2558.52</td>
<td>511704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2627.5</td>
<td>525500</td>
<td>2620.66</td>
<td>524132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6562</td>
<td>524930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2611.44</td>
<td>522288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6630</td>
<td>530430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2682.5</td>
<td>536500</td>
<td>2494.22</td>
<td>498844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6698</td>
<td>535930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2507.5</td>
<td>501500</td>
<td>2500.66</td>
<td>500132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2346.72</td>
<td>469344</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2562.5</td>
<td>512500</td>
<td>2553.5</td>
<td>510700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2630</td>
<td>526000</td>
<td>2620.82</td>
<td>524164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6560</td>
<td>524890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2609.1</td>
<td>521820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6624</td>
<td>529950</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2680</td>
<td>536000</td>
<td>2489.38</td>
<td>497876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6688</td>
<td>535010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2510</td>
<td>502000</td>
<td>2500.82</td>
<td>500164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2344.38</td>
<td>468876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2560</td>
<td>512000</td>
<td>2548.66</td>
<td>509732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2632.5</td>
<td>526500</td>
<td>2620.8</td>
<td>524160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6561</td>
<td>524910</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2606.58</td>
<td>521316</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6618</td>
<td>529470</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2677.5</td>
<td>535500</td>
<td>2484.36</td>
<td>496872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6675</td>
<td>534030</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2512.5</td>
<td>502500</td>
<td>2500.8</td>
<td>500160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2341.86</td>
<td>468372</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2557.5</td>
<td>511500</td>
<td>2543.64</td>
<td>508728</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2635</td>
<td>527000</td>
<td>2620.96</td>
<td>524192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6562</td>
<td>524930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2604.24</td>
<td>520848</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6612</td>
<td>528990</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2675</td>
<td>535000</td>
<td>2479.52</td>
<td>495904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6662</td>
<td>533050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2515</td>
<td>503000</td>
<td>2500.96</td>
<td>500192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2339.52</td>
<td>467904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2555</td>
<td>511000</td>
<td>2538.8</td>
<td>507760</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>528000</td>
<td>2620.92</td>
<td>524184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6561</td>
<td>524910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2599.2</td>
<td>519840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6600</td>
<td>528030</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2670</td>
<td>534000</td>
<td>2469.48</td>
<td>493896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6636</td>
<td>530910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2520</td>
<td>504000</td>
<td>2500.92</td>
<td>500184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2334.48</td>
<td>466896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2550</td>
<td>510000</td>
<td>2528.76</td>
<td>505752</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2645</td>
<td>529000</td>
<td>2621.06</td>
<td>524212</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6563</td>
<td>525130</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2594.34</td>
<td>518868</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6588</td>
<td>527070</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2665</td>
<td>533000</td>
<td>2459.62</td>
<td>491924</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6613</td>
<td>529010</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2525</td>
<td>505000</td>
<td>2501.06</td>
<td>500212</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2329.62</td>
<td>465924</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2545</td>
<td>509000</td>
<td>2518.9</td>
<td>503780</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.7-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n7 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2625</td>
<td>525000</td>
<td>2621.04</td>
<td>524208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>524568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2577.6</td>
<td>515520</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>530568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>537000</td>
<td>2318.16</td>
<td>463632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>536568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2505</td>
<td>501000</td>
<td>2501.04</td>
<td>500208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2168.16</td>
<td>433632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2565</td>
<td>513000</td>
<td>2556.72</td>
<td>511344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2627.5</td>
<td>525500</td>
<td>2621.02</td>
<td>524204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>524564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2575.08</td>
<td>515016</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>530064</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2682.5</td>
<td>536500</td>
<td>2313.14</td>
<td>462628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>535564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2507.5</td>
<td>501500</td>
<td>2501.02</td>
<td>500204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2165.64</td>
<td>433128</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2562.5</td>
<td>512500</td>
<td>2551.7</td>
<td>510340</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2630</td>
<td>526000</td>
<td>2621.36</td>
<td>524272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>524632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2572.92</td>
<td>514584</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>529632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2680</td>
<td>536000</td>
<td>2308.48</td>
<td>461696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>534632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2510</td>
<td>502000</td>
<td>2501.36</td>
<td>500272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2163.48</td>
<td>432696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2560</td>
<td>512000</td>
<td>2547.04</td>
<td>509408</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2632.5</td>
<td>526500</td>
<td>2621.34</td>
<td>524268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>524628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2570.4</td>
<td>514080</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>529128</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2677.5</td>
<td>535500</td>
<td>2303.46</td>
<td>460692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>533628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2512.5</td>
<td>502500</td>
<td>2501.34</td>
<td>500268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2160.96</td>
<td>432192</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2557.5</td>
<td>511500</td>
<td>2542.02</td>
<td>508404</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2635</td>
<td>527000</td>
<td>2621.32</td>
<td>524264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>524624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2567.88</td>
<td>513576</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>528624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2675</td>
<td>535000</td>
<td>2298.44</td>
<td>459688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>532624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2515</td>
<td>503000</td>
<td>2501.32</td>
<td>500264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2158.44</td>
<td>431688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2555</td>
<td>511000</td>
<td>2537</td>
<td>507400</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>528000</td>
<td>2621.64</td>
<td>524328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>524688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2563.2</td>
<td>512640</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>527688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2670</td>
<td>534000</td>
<td>2288.76</td>
<td>457752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>530688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2520</td>
<td>504000</td>
<td>2501.64</td>
<td>500328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2153.76</td>
<td>430752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2550</td>
<td>510000</td>
<td>2527.32</td>
<td>505464</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2645</td>
<td>529000</td>
<td>2621.6</td>
<td>524320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>524680</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2558.16</td>
<td>511632</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>526680</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2665</td>
<td>533000</td>
<td>2278.72</td>
<td>455744</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>528680</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2525</td>
<td>505000</td>
<td>2501.6</td>
<td>500320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2535</td>
<td>507000</td>
<td>2148.72</td>
<td>429744</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2545</td>
<td>509000</td>
<td>2517.28</td>
<td>503456</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.8 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n8

Table 4.3.1.1.1.8-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n8 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>927.5</td>
<td>185500</td>
<td>925.25</td>
<td>185050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2318</td>
<td>185530</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>921.89</td>
<td>184378</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2354</td>
<td>188410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>957.5</td>
<td>191500</td>
<td>864.53</td>
<td>172906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2393</td>
<td>191530</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>882.5</td>
<td>176500</td>
<td>880.25</td>
<td>176050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>804.53</td>
<td>160906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>912.5</td>
<td>182500</td>
<td>909.17</td>
<td>181834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>930</td>
<td>186000</td>
<td>925.32</td>
<td>185064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2319</td>
<td>185550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>919.46</td>
<td>183892</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2348</td>
<td>187930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>955</td>
<td>191000</td>
<td>859.6</td>
<td>171920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2383</td>
<td>190610</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>885</td>
<td>177000</td>
<td>880.32</td>
<td>176064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>802.1</td>
<td>160420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>910</td>
<td>182000</td>
<td>904.24</td>
<td>180848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>937.5</td>
<td>187500</td>
<td>925.53</td>
<td>185106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2319</td>
<td>185550</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>912.17</td>
<td>182434</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2330</td>
<td>186490</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>947.5</td>
<td>189500</td>
<td>844.81</td>
<td>168962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2344</td>
<td>187490</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>892.5</td>
<td>178500</td>
<td>887.82</td>
<td>177564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>802.1</td>
<td>160420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>902.5</td>
<td>180500</td>
<td>896.74</td>
<td>179348</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>940</td>
<td>188000</td>
<td>925.6</td>
<td>185120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2320</td>
<td>185570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>909.74</td>
<td>181948</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2327</td>
<td>186250</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>109</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>189000</td>
<td>839.88</td>
<td>167976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2331</td>
<td>186510</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>895</td>
<td>179000</td>
<td>890.32</td>
<td>178064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>802.1</td>
<td>160420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>900</td>
<td>180000</td>
<td>894.24</td>
<td>178848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/35</td>
<td>188</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>925.58</td>
<td>185116</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2318</td>
<td>185530</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>892.82</td>
<td>178564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>932.5</td>
<td>186500</td>
<td>925.39</td>
<td>185078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2320</td>
<td>185570</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>917.03</td>
<td>183406</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2342</td>
<td>187450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>952.5</td>
<td>190500</td>
<td>854.67</td>
<td>170934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2370</td>
<td>189630</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>887.5</td>
<td>177500</td>
<td>880.39</td>
<td>176078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>799.67</td>
<td>159934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>907.5</td>
<td>181500</td>
<td>899.31</td>
<td>179862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>937.5</td>
<td>187500</td>
<td>925.53</td>
<td>185106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2319</td>
<td>185550</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>912.17</td>
<td>182434</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2330</td>
<td>186490</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>947.5</td>
<td>189500</td>
<td>844.81</td>
<td>168962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2344</td>
<td>187490</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>892.5</td>
<td>178500</td>
<td>885.39</td>
<td>177078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>799.67</td>
<td>159934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>902.5</td>
<td>180500</td>
<td>894.31</td>
<td>178862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>940</td>
<td>188000</td>
<td>925.6</td>
<td>185120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2320</td>
<td>185570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>909.74</td>
<td>181948</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2327</td>
<td>186250</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>109</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>189000</td>
<td>839.88</td>
<td>167976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2331</td>
<td>186510</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>895</td>
<td>179000</td>
<td>887.89</td>
<td>177578</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>799.67</td>
<td>159934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>900</td>
<td>180000</td>
<td>891.81</td>
<td>178362</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/35</td>
<td>188</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>925.58</td>
<td>185116</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2318</td>
<td>185530</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>897.58</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>890.398</td>
<td>178078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>935</td>
<td>187000</td>
<td>925.46</td>
<td>185092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2318</td>
<td>185530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>914.6</td>
<td>182920</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2336</td>
<td>186970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>950</td>
<td>190000</td>
<td>849.74</td>
<td>169948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2357</td>
<td>188650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>890</td>
<td>178000</td>
<td>880.46</td>
<td>176092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>797.24</td>
<td>159448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>905</td>
<td>181000</td>
<td>894.38</td>
<td>178876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>937.5</td>
<td>187500</td>
<td>925.53</td>
<td>185106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2319</td>
<td>185550</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>912.17</td>
<td>182434</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2330</td>
<td>186490</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>947.5</td>
<td>189500</td>
<td>844.81</td>
<td>168962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2344</td>
<td>187490</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>892.5</td>
<td>178500</td>
<td>882.96</td>
<td>176592</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>797.24</td>
<td>159448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>902.5</td>
<td>180500</td>
<td>891.88</td>
<td>178376</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>940</td>
<td>188000</td>
<td>925.6</td>
<td>185120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2320</td>
<td>185570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>909.74</td>
<td>181948</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2327</td>
<td>186250</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>109</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>189000</td>
<td>839.88</td>
<td>167976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2331</td>
<td>186510</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>895</td>
<td>179000</td>
<td>885.46</td>
<td>177092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>797.24</td>
<td>159448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>900</td>
<td>180000</td>
<td>889.38</td>
<td>177876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/35</td>
<td>188</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>925.58</td>
<td>185116</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2318</td>
<td>185530</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>887.96</td>
<td>177592</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 10/35 MHz, 15/35 MHz and 20/35 MHz UL/DL Bandwidth combination is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.8-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n8 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>930</td>
<td>186000</td>
<td>925.68</td>
<td>185136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2325</td>
<td>186030</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>901.46</td>
<td>180292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2354</td>
<td>188410</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>955</td>
<td>191000</td>
<td>769.24</td>
<td>153848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2389</td>
<td>191090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>885</td>
<td>177000</td>
<td>880.68</td>
<td>176136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>711.74</td>
<td>142348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>910</td>
<td>182000</td>
<td>903.52</td>
<td>180704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>937.5</td>
<td>187500</td>
<td>925.8</td>
<td>185160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2325</td>
<td>186030</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>894.08</td>
<td>178816</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2336</td>
<td>186970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>947.5</td>
<td>189500</td>
<td>754.36</td>
<td>150872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>187970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>892.5</td>
<td>178500</td>
<td>888.18</td>
<td>177636</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>711.74</td>
<td>142348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>902.5</td>
<td>180500</td>
<td>896.02</td>
<td>179204</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>940</td>
<td>188000</td>
<td>925.96</td>
<td>185192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2326</td>
<td>186050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>891.74</td>
<td>178348</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2333</td>
<td>186730</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>222</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>189000</td>
<td>749.52</td>
<td>149904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2337</td>
<td>186990</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>895</td>
<td>179000</td>
<td>890.68</td>
<td>178136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>711.74</td>
<td>142348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>900</td>
<td>180000</td>
<td>893.52</td>
<td>178704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/35</td>
<td>92</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>925.94</td>
<td>185188</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2324</td>
<td>186010</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>897.56</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>893.18</td>
<td>178636</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>932.5</td>
<td>186500</td>
<td>925.66</td>
<td>185132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2326</td>
<td>186050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>898.94</td>
<td>179788</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2348</td>
<td>187930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>952.5</td>
<td>190500</td>
<td>764.22</td>
<td>152844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2373</td>
<td>189870</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>887.5</td>
<td>177500</td>
<td>880.66</td>
<td>176132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>709.22</td>
<td>141844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>907.5</td>
<td>181500</td>
<td>898.5</td>
<td>179700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>937.5</td>
<td>187500</td>
<td>925.8</td>
<td>185160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2325</td>
<td>186030</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>894.08</td>
<td>178816</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2336</td>
<td>186970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>947.5</td>
<td>189500</td>
<td>754.36</td>
<td>150872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>187970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>892.5</td>
<td>178500</td>
<td>885.66</td>
<td>177132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>709.22</td>
<td>141844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>902.5</td>
<td>180500</td>
<td>893.5</td>
<td>178700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>940</td>
<td>188000</td>
<td>925.96</td>
<td>185192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2326</td>
<td>186050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>891.74</td>
<td>178348</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2333</td>
<td>186730</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>222</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>189000</td>
<td>749.52</td>
<td>149904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2337</td>
<td>186990</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>895</td>
<td>179000</td>
<td>888.16</td>
<td>177632</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>709.22</td>
<td>141844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>900</td>
<td>180000</td>
<td>891</td>
<td>178200</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/35</td>
<td>92</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>925.94</td>
<td>185188</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2324</td>
<td>186010</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>890.66</td>
<td>178132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>935</td>
<td>187000</td>
<td>925.82</td>
<td>185164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2324</td>
<td>186010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>896.6</td>
<td>179320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2342</td>
<td>187450</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>950</td>
<td>190000</td>
<td>759.38</td>
<td>151876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2360</td>
<td>188890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>890</td>
<td>178000</td>
<td>880.82</td>
<td>176164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>706.88</td>
<td>141376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>905</td>
<td>181000</td>
<td>893.66</td>
<td>178732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>937.5</td>
<td>187500</td>
<td>925.8</td>
<td>185160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2325</td>
<td>186030</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>894.08</td>
<td>178816</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2336</td>
<td>186970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>947.5</td>
<td>189500</td>
<td>754.36</td>
<td>150872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>187970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>892.5</td>
<td>178500</td>
<td>883.32</td>
<td>176664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>706.88</td>
<td>141376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>902.5</td>
<td>180500</td>
<td>891.16</td>
<td>178232</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>940</td>
<td>188000</td>
<td>925.96</td>
<td>185192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2326</td>
<td>186050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>891.74</td>
<td>178348</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2333</td>
<td>186730</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>222</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>189000</td>
<td>749.52</td>
<td>149904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2337</td>
<td>186990</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>895</td>
<td>179000</td>
<td>885.82</td>
<td>177164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>706.88</td>
<td>141376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>900</td>
<td>180000</td>
<td>888.66</td>
<td>177732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/35</td>
<td>92</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>942.5</td>
<td>188500</td>
<td>925.94</td>
<td>185188</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2324</td>
<td>186010</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>888.32</td>
<td>177664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 10/35 MHz, 15/35 MHz and 20/35 MHz UL/DL Bandwidth combination is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.9 to 4.3.1.1.1.11 FFS 

###### 4.3.1.1.1.12 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n12 

Table 4.3.1.1.1.12-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n12 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>731.5</td>
<td>146300</td>
<td>729.25</td>
<td>145850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1828</td>
<td>146210</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>737.5</td>
<td>147500</td>
<td>716.89</td>
<td>143378</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1843</td>
<td>147410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>743.5</td>
<td>148700</td>
<td>650.53</td>
<td>130106</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1858</td>
<td>148610</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>701.5</td>
<td>140300</td>
<td>699.25</td>
<td>139850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>707.5</td>
<td>141500</td>
<td>614.53</td>
<td>122906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>713.5</td>
<td>142700</td>
<td>710.17</td>
<td>142034</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>734</td>
<td>146800</td>
<td>729.32</td>
<td>145864</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1829</td>
<td>146410</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>737.5</td>
<td>147500</td>
<td>714.46</td>
<td>142892</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1837</td>
<td>146930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>741</td>
<td>148200</td>
<td>645.6</td>
<td>129120</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1845</td>
<td>147630</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>704</td>
<td>140800</td>
<td>699.32</td>
<td>139864</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>707.5</td>
<td>141500</td>
<td>612.1</td>
<td>122420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>711</td>
<td>142200</td>
<td>705.24</td>
<td>141048</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>736.5</td>
<td>147300</td>
<td>729.39</td>
<td>145878</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1830</td>
<td>146430</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>737.5</td>
<td>147500</td>
<td>712.03</td>
<td>142406</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1831</td>
<td>146450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>738.5</td>
<td>147700</td>
<td>640.67</td>
<td>128134</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1832</td>
<td>146650</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>706.5</td>
<td>141300</td>
<td>699.39</td>
<td>139878</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>707.5</td>
<td>141500</td>
<td>609.67</td>
<td>121934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>708.5</td>
<td>141700</td>
<td>700.31</td>
<td>140062</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.12-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n12 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>734</td>
<td>146800</td>
<td>729.68</td>
<td>145936</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1835</td>
<td>146890</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>737.5</td>
<td>147500</td>
<td>696.46</td>
<td>139292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1843</td>
<td>147410</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>741</td>
<td>148200</td>
<td>555.24</td>
<td>111048</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1851</td>
<td>148110</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>704</td>
<td>140800</td>
<td>699.68</td>
<td>139936</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>707.5</td>
<td>141500</td>
<td>521.74</td>
<td>104348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>711</td>
<td>142200</td>
<td>704.52</td>
<td>140904</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>736.5</td>
<td>147300</td>
<td>729.66</td>
<td>145932</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1833</td>
<td>146670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>737.5</td>
<td>147500</td>
<td>693.94</td>
<td>138788</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1837</td>
<td>146930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>738.5</td>
<td>147700</td>
<td>550.22</td>
<td>110044</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1838</td>
<td>147130</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>706.5</td>
<td>141300</td>
<td>699.66</td>
<td>139932</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>707.5</td>
<td>141500</td>
<td>519.22</td>
<td>103844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>708.5</td>
<td>141700</td>
<td>699.5</td>
<td>139900</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.13 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n13

Table 4.3.1.1.1.13-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n13 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>748.5</td>
<td>149700</td>
<td>746.25</td>
<td>149250</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1872</td>
<td>149790</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>751</td>
<td>150200</td>
<td>730.39</td>
<td>146078</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1879</td>
<td>150290</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>753.5</td>
<td>150700</td>
<td>660.53</td>
<td>132106</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1883</td>
<td>150730</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>779.5</td>
<td>155900</td>
<td>777.25</td>
<td>155450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>782</td>
<td>156400</td>
<td>689.03</td>
<td>137806</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>784.5</td>
<td>156900</td>
<td>781.17</td>
<td>156234</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>751</td>
<td>150200</td>
<td>746.32</td>
<td>149264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1873</td>
<td>149810</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>782</td>
<td>156400</td>
<td>777.32</td>
<td>155464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcchConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET0Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 10 MHz test channel bandwidth is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.13-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n13 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>751</td>
<td>150200</td>
<td>746.68</td>
<td>149336</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1879</td>
<td>150290</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>782</td>
<td>156400</td>
<td>777.68</td>
<td>155536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled controlResourceSetZero (pdcchConfigSIB1 in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET0Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 10 MHz test channel bandwidth is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.14 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n14

Table 4.3.1.1.1.14-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n14 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>760.5</td>
<td>152100</td>
<td>758.25</td>
<td>151650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1902</td>
<td>152190</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>763</td>
<td>152600</td>
<td>742.39</td>
<td>148478</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1909</td>
<td>152690</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>765.5</td>
<td>153100</td>
<td>672.53</td>
<td>134506</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1913</td>
<td>153130</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>790.5</td>
<td>158100</td>
<td>788.25</td>
<td>157650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>793</td>
<td>158600</td>
<td>700.03</td>
<td>140006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>795.5</td>
<td>159100</td>
<td>792.17</td>
<td>158434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>763</td>
<td>152600</td>
<td>758.32</td>
<td>151664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1903</td>
<td>152210</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>793</td>
<td>158600</td>
<td>788.32</td>
<td>157664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcchConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET0Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 10 MHz test channel bandwidth is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.14-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n14 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>763</td>
<td>152600</td>
<td>758.68</td>
<td>151736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1909</td>
<td>152690</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>793</td>
<td>158600</td>
<td>788.68</td>
<td>157736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled controlResourceSetZero (pdcchConfigSIB1 in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET0Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 10 MHz test channel bandwidth is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.15 to 4.3.1.1.1.17 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.18 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n18

Table 4.3.1.1.1.18-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n18 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>862.5</td>
<td>172500</td>
<td>860.25</td>
<td>172050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2157</td>
<td>172590</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>867.5</td>
<td>173500</td>
<td>846.89</td>
<td>169378</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2168</td>
<td>173530</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>872.5</td>
<td>174500</td>
<td>779.53</td>
<td>155906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2182</td>
<td>174530</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>817.5</td>
<td>163500</td>
<td>815.25</td>
<td>163050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>822.5</td>
<td>164500</td>
<td>729.53</td>
<td>145906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>827.5</td>
<td>165500</td>
<td>824.17</td>
<td>164834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>865</td>
<td>173000</td>
<td>860.32</td>
<td>172064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2158</td>
<td>172610</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>867.5</td>
<td>173500</td>
<td>844.46</td>
<td>168892</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2162</td>
<td>173050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>870</td>
<td>174000</td>
<td>774.6</td>
<td>154920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2169</td>
<td>173550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>820</td>
<td>164000</td>
<td>815.32</td>
<td>163064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>822.5</td>
<td>164500</td>
<td>727.1</td>
<td>145420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>825</td>
<td>165000</td>
<td>819.24</td>
<td>163848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>867.5</td>
<td>173500</td>
<td>860.39</td>
<td>172078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2156</td>
<td>172570</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>822.5</td>
<td>164500</td>
<td>815.39</td>
<td>163078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.18-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n18 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>865</td>
<td>173000</td>
<td>860.68</td>
<td>172136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2164</td>
<td>173090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>867.5</td>
<td>173500</td>
<td>826.46</td>
<td>165292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2168</td>
<td>173530</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>870</td>
<td>174000</td>
<td>684.24</td>
<td>136848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>174030</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>820</td>
<td>164000</td>
<td>815.68</td>
<td>163136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>822.5</td>
<td>164500</td>
<td>636.74</td>
<td>127348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>825</td>
<td>165000</td>
<td>818.52</td>
<td>163704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>867.5</td>
<td>173500</td>
<td>860.66</td>
<td>172132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2162</td>
<td>173050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>822.5</td>
<td>164500</td>
<td>815.66</td>
<td>163132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.19 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.20 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n20

Table 4.3.1.1.1.20-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n20 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>793.5</td>
<td>158700</td>
<td>791.25</td>
<td>158250</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1983</td>
<td>158670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>806</td>
<td>161200</td>
<td>785.39</td>
<td>157078</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2015</td>
<td>161290</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>818.5</td>
<td>163700</td>
<td>725.53</td>
<td>145106</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2047</td>
<td>163730</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>834.5</td>
<td>166900</td>
<td>832.25</td>
<td>166450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>754.03</td>
<td>150806</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>859.5</td>
<td>171900</td>
<td>856.17</td>
<td>171234</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>796</td>
<td>159200</td>
<td>791.32</td>
<td>158264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1984</td>
<td>158690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>806</td>
<td>161200</td>
<td>782.96</td>
<td>156592</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2009</td>
<td>160810</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>816</td>
<td>163200</td>
<td>720.6</td>
<td>144120</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2034</td>
<td>162750</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>837</td>
<td>167400</td>
<td>832.32</td>
<td>166464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>751.6</td>
<td>150320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>857</td>
<td>171400</td>
<td>851.24</td>
<td>170248</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>798.5</td>
<td>159700</td>
<td>791.39</td>
<td>158278</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1982</td>
<td>158650</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>806</td>
<td>161200</td>
<td>780.53</td>
<td>156106</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2003</td>
<td>160330</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>813.5</td>
<td>162700</td>
<td>715.67</td>
<td>143134</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2021</td>
<td>161770</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>839.5</td>
<td>167900</td>
<td>832.39</td>
<td>166478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>749.17</td>
<td>149834</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>854.5</td>
<td>170900</td>
<td>846.31</td>
<td>169262</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>801</td>
<td>160200</td>
<td>791.46</td>
<td>158292</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1983</td>
<td>158670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>806</td>
<td>161200</td>
<td>778.1</td>
<td>155620</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1997</td>
<td>159850</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>811</td>
<td>162200</td>
<td>710.74</td>
<td>142148</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2011</td>
<td>160850</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>842</td>
<td>168400</td>
<td>832.46</td>
<td>166492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>746.74</td>
<td>149348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>852</td>
<td>170400</td>
<td>841.38</td>
<td>168276</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.20-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n20 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>796</td>
<td>159200</td>
<td>791.68</td>
<td>158336</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1990</td>
<td>159170</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>806</td>
<td>161200</td>
<td>764.96</td>
<td>152992</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2015</td>
<td>161290</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>816</td>
<td>163200</td>
<td>630.24</td>
<td>126048</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2040</td>
<td>163230</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>837</td>
<td>167400</td>
<td>832.68</td>
<td>166536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>661.24</td>
<td>132248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>857</td>
<td>171400</td>
<td>850.52</td>
<td>170104</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>798.5</td>
<td>159700</td>
<td>791.66</td>
<td>158332</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1988</td>
<td>159130</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>806</td>
<td>161200</td>
<td>762.44</td>
<td>152488</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2006</td>
<td>160570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>813.5</td>
<td>162700</td>
<td>625.22</td>
<td>125044</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2027</td>
<td>162250</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>839.5</td>
<td>167900</td>
<td>832.66</td>
<td>166532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>658.72</td>
<td>131744</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>854.5</td>
<td>170900</td>
<td>845.5</td>
<td>169100</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>801</td>
<td>160200</td>
<td>791.82</td>
<td>158364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1989</td>
<td>159150</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>806</td>
<td>161200</td>
<td>760.1</td>
<td>152020</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2000</td>
<td>160090</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>811</td>
<td>162200</td>
<td>620.38</td>
<td>124076</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2014</td>
<td>161090</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>842</td>
<td>168400</td>
<td>832.82</td>
<td>166564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>656.38</td>
<td>131276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>852</td>
<td>170400</td>
<td>840.66</td>
<td>168132</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1 in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.21 to 4.3.1.1.1.23 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.24 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n24

Table 4.3.1.1.1.24-1a: Test frequencies for NR operating band n24,SCS 15
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1528.5</td>
<td>305700</td>
<td>1526.25</td>
<td>305250</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3822</td>
<td>305790</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1531</td>
<td>306200</td>
<td>1510.39</td>
<td>302078</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3829</td>
<td>306290</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1533.5</td>
<td>306700</td>
<td>1440.53</td>
<td>288106</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3833</td>
<td>306730</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1630.0</td>
<td>326000</td>
<td>1627.75</td>
<td>325550</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1632.5</td>
<td>326500</td>
<td>1539.53</td>
<td>307906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1654.0</td>
<td>330800</td>
<td>1650.67</td>
<td>330134</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/5)</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1528.5</td>
<td>305700</td>
<td>1526.25</td>
<td>305250</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3822</td>
<td>305790</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1531</td>
<td>306200</td>
<td>1510.39</td>
<td>302078</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3829</td>
<td>306290</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1533.5</td>
<td>306700</td>
<td>1440.53</td>
<td>288106</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3833</td>
<td>306730</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>1632.5</td>
<td>326500</td>
<td>1627.82</td>
<td>325564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1651.5</td>
<td>330300</td>
<td>1645.74</td>
<td>329148</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>1531.0</td>
<td>306200</td>
<td>1526.32</td>
<td>305264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3823</td>
<td>305810</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1531.0</td>
<td>306200</td>
<td>1435.6</td>
<td>287120</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3823</td>
<td>305810</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>1632.5</td>
<td>326500</td>
<td>1627.82</td>
<td>325564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1651.5</td>
<td>330300</td>
<td>1645.74</td>
<td>329148</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: Void.</p>
<p>Note 4: Void.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.24-2a: Test frequencies for NR operating band n24, SCS
30 kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>1531.0</td>
<td>306200</td>
<td>1526.68</td>
<td>305336</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3829</td>
<td>306290</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1531.0</td>
<td>306200</td>
<td>1345.24</td>
<td>269048</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3829</td>
<td>306290</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>1632.5</td>
<td>326500</td>
<td>1628.18</td>
<td>325636</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1651.5</td>
<td>330300</td>
<td>1645.02</td>
<td>329004</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: Void.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.24-3a: Test frequencies for NR operating band n24, SCS
60 kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 15 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>1531.0</td>
<td>306200</td>
<td>1527.04</td>
<td>305408</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>305768</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1531.0</td>
<td>306200</td>
<td>1164.16</td>
<td>232832</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>305768</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>1632.5</td>
<td>326500</td>
<td>1628.54</td>
<td>325708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1651.5</td>
<td>330300</td>
<td>1643.22</td>
<td>328644</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 2: Void.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.25 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n25

Table 4.3.1.1.1.25-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n25 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1932.5</td>
<td>386500</td>
<td>1930.25</td>
<td>386050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4829</td>
<td>386410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1941.89</td>
<td>388378</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4904</td>
<td>392410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1992.5</td>
<td>398500</td>
<td>1899.53</td>
<td>379906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4979</td>
<td>398410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1852.5</td>
<td>370500</td>
<td>1850.25</td>
<td>370050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1789.53</td>
<td>357906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1912.5</td>
<td>382500</td>
<td>1909.17</td>
<td>381834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>387000</td>
<td>1930.32</td>
<td>386064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4830</td>
<td>386430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1939.46</td>
<td>387892</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4898</td>
<td>391930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1990</td>
<td>398000</td>
<td>1894.6</td>
<td>378920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4969</td>
<td>397490</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>371000</td>
<td>1850.32</td>
<td>370064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1787.1</td>
<td>357420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1910</td>
<td>382000</td>
<td>1904.24</td>
<td>380848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1937.5</td>
<td>387500</td>
<td>1930.39</td>
<td>386078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4831</td>
<td>386450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1937.03</td>
<td>387406</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4892</td>
<td>391450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1987.5</td>
<td>397500</td>
<td>1889.67</td>
<td>377934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4956</td>
<td>396510</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1857.5</td>
<td>371500</td>
<td>1850.39</td>
<td>370078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1784.67</td>
<td>356934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1907.5</td>
<td>381500</td>
<td>1899.31</td>
<td>379862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1940</td>
<td>388000</td>
<td>1930.46</td>
<td>386092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4832</td>
<td>386650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1934.6</td>
<td>386920</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4886</td>
<td>390970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1985</td>
<td>397000</td>
<td>1884.74</td>
<td>376948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4943</td>
<td>395530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1860</td>
<td>372000</td>
<td>1850.46</td>
<td>370092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1782.24</td>
<td>356448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1894.38</td>
<td>378876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1942.5</td>
<td>388500</td>
<td>1930.53</td>
<td>386106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4833</td>
<td>386670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1932.17</td>
<td>386434</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4880</td>
<td>390490</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1982.5</td>
<td>396500</td>
<td>1879.81</td>
<td>375962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4933</td>
<td>394610</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1862.5</td>
<td>372500</td>
<td>1850.53</td>
<td>370106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1779.81</td>
<td>355962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1902.5</td>
<td>380500</td>
<td>1889.45</td>
<td>377890</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1945</td>
<td>389000</td>
<td>1930.6</td>
<td>386120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4834</td>
<td>386690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1929.74</td>
<td>385948</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4874</td>
<td>390010</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1980</td>
<td>396000</td>
<td>1874.88</td>
<td>374976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4920</td>
<td>393630</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1865</td>
<td>373000</td>
<td>1850.6</td>
<td>370120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1777.38</td>
<td>355476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1884.52</td>
<td>376904</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>35/35</td>
<td>188</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1947.5</td>
<td>389500</td>
<td>1930.58</td>
<td>386116</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4832</td>
<td>386650</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1927.22</td>
<td>385444</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4868</td>
<td>389530</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>103</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1977.5</td>
<td>395500</td>
<td>1869.86</td>
<td>373972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4907</td>
<td>392650</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1867.5</td>
<td>373500</td>
<td>1850.58</td>
<td>370116</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1774.86</td>
<td>354972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1897.5</td>
<td>379500</td>
<td>1879.5</td>
<td>375900</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40/40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1930.56</td>
<td>386112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4833</td>
<td>386670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1924.7</td>
<td>384940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4862</td>
<td>389050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1975</td>
<td>395000</td>
<td>1864.84</td>
<td>372968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4894</td>
<td>391490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1870</td>
<td>374000</td>
<td>1850.56</td>
<td>370112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1772.34</td>
<td>354468</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1895</td>
<td>379000</td>
<td>1874.48</td>
<td>374896</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40/45</td>
<td>242</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1952.5</td>
<td>390500</td>
<td>1930.72</td>
<td>386144</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4834</td>
<td>386690</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1922.36</td>
<td>384472</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4856</td>
<td>388570</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>103</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1972.5</td>
<td>394500</td>
<td>1860</td>
<td>372000</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4881</td>
<td>390510</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1872.5</td>
<td>374500</td>
<td>1853.06</td>
<td>370612</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1772.34</td>
<td>354468</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1892,5</td>
<td>378500</td>
<td>1871.98</td>
<td>374396</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.25-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n25 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>387000</td>
<td>1930.68</td>
<td>386136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4836</td>
<td>386910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1921.46</td>
<td>384292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4904</td>
<td>392410</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1990</td>
<td>398000</td>
<td>1804.24</td>
<td>360848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4975</td>
<td>397970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>371000</td>
<td>1850.68</td>
<td>370136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1696.74</td>
<td>339348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1910</td>
<td>382000</td>
<td>1903.52</td>
<td>380704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1937.5</td>
<td>387500</td>
<td>1930.66</td>
<td>386132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4837</td>
<td>386930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1918.94</td>
<td>383788</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4898</td>
<td>391930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1987.5</td>
<td>397500</td>
<td>1799.22</td>
<td>359844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4962</td>
<td>396990</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1857.5</td>
<td>371500</td>
<td>1850.66</td>
<td>370132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1694.22</td>
<td>338844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1907.5</td>
<td>381500</td>
<td>1898.5</td>
<td>379700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1940</td>
<td>388000</td>
<td>1930.82</td>
<td>386164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4835</td>
<td>386890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1916.6</td>
<td>383320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4892</td>
<td>391450</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1985</td>
<td>397000</td>
<td>1794.38</td>
<td>358876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4949</td>
<td>396010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1860</td>
<td>372000</td>
<td>1850.82</td>
<td>370164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1691.88</td>
<td>338376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1893.66</td>
<td>378732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1942.5</td>
<td>388500</td>
<td>1930.8</td>
<td>386160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4836</td>
<td>386910</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1914.08</td>
<td>382816</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4886</td>
<td>390970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1982.5</td>
<td>396500</td>
<td>1789.36</td>
<td>357872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4939</td>
<td>395090</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1862.5</td>
<td>372500</td>
<td>1850.8</td>
<td>370160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1689.36</td>
<td>337872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1902.5</td>
<td>380500</td>
<td>1888.64</td>
<td>377728</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1945</td>
<td>389000</td>
<td>1930.96</td>
<td>386192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4837</td>
<td>386930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1911.74</td>
<td>382348</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4880</td>
<td>390490</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1980</td>
<td>396000</td>
<td>1784.52</td>
<td>356904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4926</td>
<td>394110</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1865</td>
<td>373000</td>
<td>1850.96</td>
<td>370192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1687.02</td>
<td>337404</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1883.8</td>
<td>376760</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>35/35</td>
<td>92</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1947.5</td>
<td>389500</td>
<td>1930.94</td>
<td>386188</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4838</td>
<td>387130</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1909.22</td>
<td>381844</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4874</td>
<td>390010</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1977.5</td>
<td>395500</td>
<td>1779.5</td>
<td>355900</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4913</td>
<td>393130</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1867.5</td>
<td>373500</td>
<td>1850.94</td>
<td>370188</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1684.5</td>
<td>336900</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1897.5</td>
<td>379500</td>
<td>1878.78</td>
<td>375756</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40/40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1930.92</td>
<td>386184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4836</td>
<td>386910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1906.7</td>
<td>381340</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4868</td>
<td>389530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1975</td>
<td>395000</td>
<td>1774.48</td>
<td>354896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4900</td>
<td>391970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1870</td>
<td>374000</td>
<td>1850.92</td>
<td>370184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1681.98</td>
<td>336396</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1895</td>
<td>379000</td>
<td>1873.76</td>
<td>374752</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40/45</td>
<td>119</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1952.5</td>
<td>390500</td>
<td>1931.08</td>
<td>386216</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4840</td>
<td>387170</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1904.36</td>
<td>380872</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4862</td>
<td>389050</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1972.5</td>
<td>394500</td>
<td>1769.64</td>
<td>353928</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>4887</td>
<td>390990</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1872.5</td>
<td>374500</td>
<td>1853.42</td>
<td>370684</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1681.98</td>
<td>336396</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1892.5</td>
<td>378500</td>
<td>1871.26</td>
<td>374252</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.25-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n25 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1935</td>
<td>387000</td>
<td>1931.04</td>
<td>386208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1885.1</td>
<td>377020</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>392068</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1990</td>
<td>398000</td>
<td>1623.16</td>
<td>324632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>397568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1855</td>
<td>371000</td>
<td>1851.04</td>
<td>370208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1515.66</td>
<td>303132</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1910</td>
<td>382000</td>
<td>1901.72</td>
<td>380344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1937.5</td>
<td>387500</td>
<td>1931.02</td>
<td>386204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1882.58</td>
<td>376516</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>391564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1987.5</td>
<td>397500</td>
<td>1618.14</td>
<td>323628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>396564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1857.5</td>
<td>371500</td>
<td>1851.02</td>
<td>370204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1513.14</td>
<td>302628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1907.5</td>
<td>381500</td>
<td>1896.7</td>
<td>379340</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1940</td>
<td>388000</td>
<td>1931.36</td>
<td>386272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1880.42</td>
<td>376084</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>391132</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1985</td>
<td>397000</td>
<td>1613.48</td>
<td>322696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>395632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1860</td>
<td>372000</td>
<td>1851.36</td>
<td>370272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1510.98</td>
<td>302196</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1892.04</td>
<td>378408</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1942.5</td>
<td>388500</td>
<td>1931.34</td>
<td>386268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1877.9</td>
<td>375580</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>390628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1982.5</td>
<td>396500</td>
<td>1608.46</td>
<td>321692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>394628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1862.5</td>
<td>372500</td>
<td>1851.34</td>
<td>370268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1508.46</td>
<td>301692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1902.5</td>
<td>380500</td>
<td>1887.02</td>
<td>377404</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1945</td>
<td>389000</td>
<td>1931.32</td>
<td>386264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1875.38</td>
<td>375076</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>390124</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1980</td>
<td>396000</td>
<td>1603.44</td>
<td>320688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>393624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1865</td>
<td>373000</td>
<td>1851.32</td>
<td>370264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1505.94</td>
<td>301188</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1882</td>
<td>376400</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>35/35</td>
<td>44</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1947.5</td>
<td>389500</td>
<td>1931.66</td>
<td>386332</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386692</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1873.22</td>
<td>374644</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>389692</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1977.5</td>
<td>395500</td>
<td>1598.78</td>
<td>319756</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>392692</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1867.5</td>
<td>373500</td>
<td>1851.66</td>
<td>370332</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1503.78</td>
<td>300756</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1897.5</td>
<td>379500</td>
<td>1877.34</td>
<td>375468</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40/40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1950</td>
<td>390000</td>
<td>1931.64</td>
<td>386328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1870.7</td>
<td>374140</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>389188</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1975</td>
<td>395000</td>
<td>1593.76</td>
<td>318752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>391688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1870</td>
<td>374000</td>
<td>1851.64</td>
<td>370328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1501.26</td>
<td>300252</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1895</td>
<td>379000</td>
<td>1872.32</td>
<td>374464</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40/45</td>
<td>58</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1952.5</td>
<td>390500</td>
<td>1931.62</td>
<td>386324</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>386684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1962.5</td>
<td>392500</td>
<td>1868.18</td>
<td>373636</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>388684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1972.5</td>
<td>394500</td>
<td>1588.74</td>
<td>317748</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>390684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1872.5</td>
<td>374500</td>
<td>1854.14</td>
<td>370828</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1501.26</td>
<td>300252</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1892.5</td>
<td>378500</td>
<td>1869.82</td>
<td>373964</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.26 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n26

Table 4.3.1.1.1.26-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n26 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>860.5</td>
<td>172100</td>
<td>859.15</td>
<td>171830</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30938</td>
<td>172070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>856.79</td>
<td>171358</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>31017</td>
<td>175270</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>892.5</td>
<td>178500</td>
<td>800.43</td>
<td>160086</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>31099</td>
<td>178530</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>815.5</td>
<td>163100</td>
<td>814.15</td>
<td>162830</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>739.43</td>
<td>147886</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>847.5</td>
<td>169500</td>
<td>845.07</td>
<td>169014</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>861.5</td>
<td>172300</td>
<td>859.25</td>
<td>171850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2153</td>
<td>172330</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>855.89</td>
<td>171178</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2189</td>
<td>175210</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>891.5</td>
<td>178300</td>
<td>798.53</td>
<td>159706</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2228</td>
<td>178330</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>816.5</td>
<td>163300</td>
<td>814.25</td>
<td>162850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>738.53</td>
<td>147706</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>846.5</td>
<td>169300</td>
<td>843.17</td>
<td>168634</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>864</td>
<td>172800</td>
<td>859.32</td>
<td>171864</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2154</td>
<td>172350</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>853.46</td>
<td>170692</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2183</td>
<td>174730</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>889</td>
<td>177800</td>
<td>793.6</td>
<td>158720</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2218</td>
<td>177410</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>819</td>
<td>163800</td>
<td>814.32</td>
<td>162864</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>736.1</td>
<td>147220</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>844</td>
<td>168800</td>
<td>838.24</td>
<td>167648</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>866.5</td>
<td>173300</td>
<td>859.39</td>
<td>171878</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>172370</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>851.03</td>
<td>170206</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2177</td>
<td>174250</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>886.5</td>
<td>177300</td>
<td>788.67</td>
<td>157734</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2205</td>
<td>176430</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>821.5</td>
<td>164300</td>
<td>814.39</td>
<td>162878</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>733.67</td>
<td>146734</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>841.5</td>
<td>168300</td>
<td>833.31</td>
<td>166662</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>869</td>
<td>173800</td>
<td>859.46</td>
<td>171892</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2153</td>
<td>172330</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>848.6</td>
<td>169720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2171</td>
<td>173770</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>884</td>
<td>176800</td>
<td>783.74</td>
<td>156748</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2192</td>
<td>175450</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>824</td>
<td>164800</td>
<td>814.46</td>
<td>162892</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>731.24</td>
<td>146248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>839</td>
<td>167800</td>
<td>828.38</td>
<td>165676</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-0 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth 3 MHz or 5 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth larger than 3 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.26-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n26 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>864</td>
<td>172800</td>
<td>859.68</td>
<td>171936</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>172830</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>835.46</td>
<td>167092</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2189</td>
<td>175210</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>889</td>
<td>177800</td>
<td>703.24</td>
<td>140648</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2224</td>
<td>177890</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>819</td>
<td>163800</td>
<td>814.68</td>
<td>162936</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>645.74</td>
<td>129148</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>844</td>
<td>168800</td>
<td>837.52</td>
<td>167504</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>866.5</td>
<td>173300</td>
<td>859.66</td>
<td>171932</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2161</td>
<td>172850</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>832.94</td>
<td>166588</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2183</td>
<td>174730</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>886.5</td>
<td>177300</td>
<td>698.22</td>
<td>139644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2208</td>
<td>176670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>821.5</td>
<td>164300</td>
<td>814.66</td>
<td>162932</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>643.22</td>
<td>128644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>841.5</td>
<td>168300</td>
<td>832.5</td>
<td>166500</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>869</td>
<td>173800</td>
<td>859.82</td>
<td>171964</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2159</td>
<td>172810</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>830.6</td>
<td>166120</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2177</td>
<td>174250</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>884</td>
<td>176800</td>
<td>693.38</td>
<td>138676</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2195</td>
<td>175690</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>824</td>
<td>164800</td>
<td>814.82</td>
<td>162964</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>640.88</td>
<td>128176</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>839</td>
<td>167800</td>
<td>827.66</td>
<td>165532</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.27 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.28 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n28

Table 4.3.1.1.1.28-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n28 and SCS
15 kHz when not used in EN-DC configuration DC\_21A\_n28A or in any
EN-DC configuration of a higher order EN-DC configuration including
DC\_21A\_n28A

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>759.5</td>
<td>151900</td>
<td>758.15</td>
<td>151630</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30432</td>
<td>151870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>780.5</td>
<td>156100</td>
<td>760.79</td>
<td>152158</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>30537</td>
<td>156070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>801.5</td>
<td>160300</td>
<td>709.43</td>
<td>141886</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>30642</td>
<td>160270</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>704.5</td>
<td>140900</td>
<td>703.15</td>
<td>140630</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>633.43</td>
<td>126686</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>746.5</td>
<td>149300</td>
<td>744.07</td>
<td>148814</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>760.5</td>
<td>152100</td>
<td>758.25</td>
<td>151650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1902</td>
<td>152190</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>780.5</td>
<td>156100</td>
<td>759.89</td>
<td>151978</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1949</td>
<td>156010</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>800.5</td>
<td>160100</td>
<td>707.53</td>
<td>141506</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2002</td>
<td>160130</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>141100</td>
<td>703.25</td>
<td>140650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>632.53</td>
<td>126506</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>745.5</td>
<td>149100</td>
<td>742.17</td>
<td>148434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>763</td>
<td>152600</td>
<td>758.32</td>
<td>151664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1903</td>
<td>152210</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>780.5</td>
<td>156100</td>
<td>757.46</td>
<td>151492</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1943</td>
<td>155530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>798</td>
<td>159600</td>
<td>702.6</td>
<td>140520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1989</td>
<td>159150</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.32</td>
<td>140664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>630.1</td>
<td>126020</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>743</td>
<td>148600</td>
<td>737.24</td>
<td>147448</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>765.5</td>
<td>153100</td>
<td>758.39</td>
<td>151678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1901</td>
<td>152170</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>780.5</td>
<td>156100</td>
<td>755.03</td>
<td>151006</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1937</td>
<td>155050</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>795.5</td>
<td>159100</td>
<td>697.67</td>
<td>139534</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1976</td>
<td>158170</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.39</td>
<td>140678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>627.67</td>
<td>125534</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>740.5</td>
<td>148100</td>
<td>732.31</td>
<td>146462</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>768</td>
<td>153600</td>
<td>758.46</td>
<td>151692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1902</td>
<td>152190</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(Note 2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>783</td>
<td>156600</td>
<td>755.1</td>
<td>151020</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1938</td>
<td>155070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>793</td>
<td>158600</td>
<td>692.74</td>
<td>138548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1966</td>
<td>157250</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.46</td>
<td>140692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>627.74</td>
<td>125548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>738</td>
<td>147600</td>
<td>727.38</td>
<td>145476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>773</td>
<td>154600</td>
<td>758.6</td>
<td>151720</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1901</td>
<td>152170</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(Note 4)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>788</td>
<td>157600</td>
<td>682.88</td>
<td>136576</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1940</td>
<td>155290</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>703.6</td>
<td>140720</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>733</td>
<td>146600</td>
<td>717.52</td>
<td>143504</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-0 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth 3 MHz or 5 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth larger than 3 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: Carrier centre frequency moved for Mid Range and CBW=20 MHz due to Note 7 in TS 38.101-1 [7], Table 5.3.5-1.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: No carrier centre frequency specified for Mid Range and CBW=30 MHz due to Note 7 in TS 38.101-1 [7], Table 5.3.5-1. For test cases specifying Mid range and CBW=30 MHz to be tested, use Low range and CBW=30 MHz instead.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.28-1A: Test frequencies for NR operating band n28 and
SCS 15 kHz when used in EN-DC configuration DC\_21A\_n28A or in any
EN-DC configuration of a higher order EN-DC configuration including
DC\_21A\_n28A

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>(Note 5)</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>785.5</td>
<td>157100</td>
<td>783.25</td>
<td>156650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1963</td>
<td>157010</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>790.5</td>
<td>158100</td>
<td>697.53</td>
<td>139506</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1977</td>
<td>158190</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>146100</td>
<td>728.25</td>
<td>145650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>735.5</td>
<td>147100</td>
<td>732.17</td>
<td>146434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p>
<p>High</p></td>
<td>788</td>
<td>157600</td>
<td>764.96</td>
<td>152992</td>
<td>102</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1964</td>
<td>157210</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p>
<p>High</p></td>
<td>733</td>
<td>146600</td>
<td>637.6</td>
<td>127520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: Carrier centre frequency moved for Mid Range and CBW=20 MHz due to Note 7 in TS 38.101-1 [7], Table 5.3.5-1.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: No carrier centre frequency specified for Mid Range and CBW=30 MHz due to Note 7 in TS 38.101-1 [7], Table 5.3.5-1. For test cases specifying Mid range and CBW=30 MHz to be tested, use Low range and CBW=30 MHz instead.</p>
<p>Note 5: The frequency range in band n28 is restricted for this band combination to 728 - 738 MHz for the UL and 783 - 793 MHz for the DL. This restriction applies also for these band combinations when applicable EN-DC configuration is part of a higher order EN-DC configuration. (Reference: TS 38.101-3 [9], Table 5.5B.4.1-1 for DC_21A_n28 and Note 17)</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.28-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n28 and SCS
30 kHz when not used in EN-DC configuration DC\_21A\_n28A or in any
EN-DC configuration of a higher order EN-DC configuration including
DC\_21A\_n28A

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>763</td>
<td>152600</td>
<td>758.68</td>
<td>151736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1909</td>
<td>152690</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>780.5</td>
<td>156100</td>
<td>739.46</td>
<td>147892</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1949</td>
<td>156010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>798</td>
<td>159600</td>
<td>612.24</td>
<td>122448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1995</td>
<td>159630</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.68</td>
<td>140736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>539.74</td>
<td>107948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>743</td>
<td>148600</td>
<td>736.52</td>
<td>147304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>765.5</td>
<td>153100</td>
<td>758.66</td>
<td>151732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1907</td>
<td>152650</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>780.5</td>
<td>156100</td>
<td>736.94</td>
<td>147388</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1943</td>
<td>155530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>795.5</td>
<td>159100</td>
<td>607.22</td>
<td>121444</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1982</td>
<td>158650</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.66</td>
<td>140732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>537.22</td>
<td>107444</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>740.5</td>
<td>148100</td>
<td>731.5</td>
<td>146300</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>768</td>
<td>153600</td>
<td>758.82</td>
<td>151764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1908</td>
<td>152670</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(Note 2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>783</td>
<td>156600</td>
<td>737.1</td>
<td>147420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1944</td>
<td>155550</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>793</td>
<td>158600</td>
<td>602.38</td>
<td>120476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1969</td>
<td>157490</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.82</td>
<td>140764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>537.38</td>
<td>107476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>738</td>
<td>147600</td>
<td>726.66</td>
<td>145332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>773</td>
<td>154600</td>
<td>758.96</td>
<td>151792</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1907</td>
<td>152650</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(Note 4)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>788</td>
<td>157600</td>
<td>592.52</td>
<td>118504</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1943</td>
<td>155530</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p></td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>703.96</td>
<td>140792</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>733</td>
<td>146600</td>
<td>716.8</td>
<td>143360</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: Carrier centre frequency moved for Mid Range and CBW=20 MHz due to Note 7 in TS 38.101-1 [7], Table 5.3.5-1.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: No carrier centre frequency specified for Mid Range and CBW=30 MHz due to Note 7 in TS 38.101-1 [7], Table 5.3.5-1.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.28-2A: Test frequencies for NR operating band n28 and
SCS 30 kHz when used in EN-DC configuration DC\_21A\_n28A or in any
EN-DC configuration of a higher order EN-DC configuration including
DC\_21A\_n28A

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p><em>carrierBandwidth</em></p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 5</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th><em>absoluteFrequencyPointA</em><br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th><em>offsetToCarrier</em> [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p><em>absoluteFrequencySSB</em></p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p>
<p>High</p></td>
<td>788</td>
<td>157600</td>
<td>746.96</td>
<td>149392</td>
<td>102</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1970</td>
<td>157690</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td><p>Low</p>
<p>Mid</p>
<p>High</p></td>
<td>733</td>
<td>146600</td>
<td>547.24</td>
<td>109448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: Carrier centre frequency moved for Mid Range and CBW=20 MHz due to Note 7 in TS 38.101-1 [7], Table 5.3.5-1.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: No carrier centre frequency specified for Mid Range and CBW=30 MHz due to Note 7 in TS 38.101-1 [7], Table 5.3.5-1. For test cases specifying Mid range and CBW=30 MHz to be tested, use Low range and CBW=30 MHz instead.</p>
<p>Note 5: The frequency range in band n28 is restricted for this band combination to 728 - 738 MHz for the UL and 783 - 793 MHz for the DL. This restriction applies also for these band combinations when applicable EN-DC configuration is part of a higher order EN-DC configuration. (Reference: TS 38.101-3 [9], Table 5.5B.4.1-1 for DC_21A_n28 and Note 17)</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.29 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n29 (SDL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.29-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n29 and SCS
15 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>719.5</td>
<td>143900</td>
<td>717.25</td>
<td>143450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>143810</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>722.5</td>
<td>144500</td>
<td>701.89</td>
<td>140378</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>144410</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>632.53</td>
<td>126506</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>145010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>722</td>
<td>144400</td>
<td>717.32</td>
<td>143464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>143824</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>722.5</td>
<td>144500</td>
<td>699.46</td>
<td>139892</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>143924</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>627.6</td>
<td>125520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>144024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.29-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n29 and SCS
30 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>722</td>
<td>144400</td>
<td>717.68</td>
<td>143536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>143896</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>722.5</td>
<td>144500</td>
<td>681.46</td>
<td>136292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>143996</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>537.24</td>
<td>107448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>144096</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.30 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n30

Table 4.3.1.1.1.30-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n30 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2352.5</td>
<td>470500</td>
<td>2350.25</td>
<td>470050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5879</td>
<td>470410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2355</td>
<td>471000</td>
<td>2334.39</td>
<td>466878</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5886</td>
<td>470910</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2357.5</td>
<td>471500</td>
<td>2264.53</td>
<td>452906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5893</td>
<td>471410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2307.5</td>
<td>461500</td>
<td>2305.25</td>
<td>461050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2310</td>
<td>462000</td>
<td>2217.03</td>
<td>443406</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2312.5</td>
<td>462500</td>
<td>2309.17</td>
<td>461834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2355</td>
<td>471000</td>
<td>2350.32</td>
<td>470064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5880</td>
<td>470430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2310</td>
<td>462000</td>
<td>2305.32</td>
<td>461064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 10 MHz test channel bandwidth is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.30-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n30 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2355</td>
<td>471000</td>
<td>2350.68</td>
<td>470136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5886</td>
<td>470910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2310</td>
<td>462000</td>
<td>2305.68</td>
<td>461136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 10 MHz test channel bandwidth is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.31 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n31

Table 4.3.1.1.1.31-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n31 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>464</td>
<td>92800</td>
<td>462.65</td>
<td>92530</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>28956</td>
<td>92830</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>465</td>
<td>93000</td>
<td>445.29</td>
<td>89058</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>28960</td>
<td>92970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>466</td>
<td>93200</td>
<td>373.93</td>
<td>74786</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>28967</td>
<td>93230</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>454</td>
<td>90800</td>
<td>452.65</td>
<td>90530</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>455</td>
<td>91000</td>
<td>362.93</td>
<td>72586</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>456</td>
<td>91200</td>
<td>453.57</td>
<td>90714</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>465</td>
<td>93000</td>
<td>462.75</td>
<td>92550</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1162</td>
<td>92930</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>455</td>
<td>91000</td>
<td>452.75</td>
<td>90550</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-0 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth 3 MHz or 5 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth larger than 3 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.32 to 4.3.1.1.1.33 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.34 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n34

Table 4.3.1.1.1.34-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n34 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2012.5</td>
<td>402500</td>
<td>2010.25</td>
<td>402050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5032</td>
<td>402530</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2017.5</td>
<td>403500</td>
<td>1996.89</td>
<td>399378</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5043</td>
<td>403470</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>103</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2022.5</td>
<td>404500</td>
<td>1929.53</td>
<td>385906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5054</td>
<td>404410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2015</td>
<td>403000</td>
<td>2010.32</td>
<td>402064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5036</td>
<td>402970</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2017.5</td>
<td>403500</td>
<td>1994.46</td>
<td>398892</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5043</td>
<td>403470</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2020</td>
<td>404000</td>
<td>1924.6</td>
<td>384920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5050</td>
<td>403970</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2017.5</td>
<td>403500</td>
<td>2010.39</td>
<td>402078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5037</td>
<td>402990</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.34-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n34 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2015</td>
<td>403000</td>
<td>2010.68</td>
<td>402136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5036</td>
<td>402970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2017.5</td>
<td>403500</td>
<td>1976.46</td>
<td>395292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5043</td>
<td>403470</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2020</td>
<td>404000</td>
<td>1834.24</td>
<td>366848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5050</td>
<td>403970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2017.5</td>
<td>403500</td>
<td>2010.66</td>
<td>402132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5037</td>
<td>402990</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.34-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n34 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2015</td>
<td>403000</td>
<td>2011.04</td>
<td>402208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>402568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2017.5</td>
<td>403500</td>
<td>1940.1</td>
<td>388020</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>403068</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2020</td>
<td>404000</td>
<td>1653.16</td>
<td>330632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>403568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2017.5</td>
<td>403500</td>
<td>2011.02</td>
<td>402204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>402564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.35 to 4.3.1.1.1.37 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.38 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n38

Table 4.3.1.1.1.38-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n38 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2572.5</td>
<td>514500</td>
<td>2570.25</td>
<td>514050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6432</td>
<td>514590</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.5</td>
<td>518500</td>
<td>2571.89</td>
<td>514378</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6479</td>
<td>518410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2617.5</td>
<td>523500</td>
<td>2524.53</td>
<td>504906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6543</td>
<td>523470</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2575</td>
<td>515000</td>
<td>2570.32</td>
<td>514064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6439</td>
<td>515090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2571.96</td>
<td>514392</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6486</td>
<td>518910</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2615</td>
<td>523000</td>
<td>2519.6</td>
<td>503920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6536</td>
<td>522970</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2577.5</td>
<td>515500</td>
<td>2570.39</td>
<td>514078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6437</td>
<td>515050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2569.53</td>
<td>513906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6480</td>
<td>518430</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2612.5</td>
<td>522500</td>
<td>2514.67</td>
<td>502934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6526</td>
<td>522050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2580</td>
<td>516000</td>
<td>2570.46</td>
<td>514092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6438</td>
<td>515070</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2567.1</td>
<td>513420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6474</td>
<td>517950</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2610</td>
<td>522000</td>
<td>2509.74</td>
<td>501948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6513</td>
<td>521070</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2582.5</td>
<td>516500</td>
<td>2570.53</td>
<td>514106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6439</td>
<td>515090</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2564.67</td>
<td>512934</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6468</td>
<td>517470</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2607.5</td>
<td>521500</td>
<td>2504.81</td>
<td>500962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6500</td>
<td>520090</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2585</td>
<td>517000</td>
<td>2570.6</td>
<td>514120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6437</td>
<td>515050</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2562.24</td>
<td>512448</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6462</td>
<td>516990</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2605</td>
<td>521000</td>
<td>2499.88</td>
<td>499976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6487</td>
<td>518930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2590</td>
<td>518000</td>
<td>2570.56</td>
<td>514112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6439</td>
<td>515090</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2557.2</td>
<td>511440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6450</td>
<td>516030</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2600</td>
<td>520000</td>
<td>2489.84</td>
<td>497968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6461</td>
<td>516970</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 for SSB_SCS = 15kHz and Table 13-3 for SSB_SCS=30kHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.38-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n38 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2575</td>
<td>515000</td>
<td>2570.68</td>
<td>514136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6439</td>
<td>515090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2553.96</td>
<td>510792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6486</td>
<td>518910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2615</td>
<td>523000</td>
<td>2429.24</td>
<td>485848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6536</td>
<td>522970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2577.5</td>
<td>515500</td>
<td>2570.66</td>
<td>514132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6437</td>
<td>515050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2551.44</td>
<td>510288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6480</td>
<td>518430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2612.5</td>
<td>522500</td>
<td>2424.22</td>
<td>484844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6526</td>
<td>522050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2580</td>
<td>516000</td>
<td>2570.82</td>
<td>514164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6438</td>
<td>515070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2549.1</td>
<td>509820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6474</td>
<td>517950</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2610</td>
<td>522000</td>
<td>2419.38</td>
<td>483876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6513</td>
<td>521070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2582.5</td>
<td>516500</td>
<td>2570.8</td>
<td>514160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6439</td>
<td>515090</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2546.58</td>
<td>509316</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6468</td>
<td>517470</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2607.5</td>
<td>521500</td>
<td>2414.36</td>
<td>482872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6500</td>
<td>520090</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2585</td>
<td>517000</td>
<td>2570.96</td>
<td>514192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6437</td>
<td>515050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2544.24</td>
<td>508848</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6462</td>
<td>516990</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2605</td>
<td>521000</td>
<td>2409.52</td>
<td>481904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6487</td>
<td>518930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2590</td>
<td>518000</td>
<td>2570.92</td>
<td>514184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6439</td>
<td>515090</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2539.2</td>
<td>507840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6450</td>
<td>516030</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2600</td>
<td>520000</td>
<td>2399.48</td>
<td>479896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6461</td>
<td>516970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.38-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n38 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2575</td>
<td>515000</td>
<td>2571.04</td>
<td>514208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>514928</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2517.6</td>
<td>503520</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>518928</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2615</td>
<td>523000</td>
<td>2248.16</td>
<td>449632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>522928</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2577.5</td>
<td>515500</td>
<td>2571.02</td>
<td>514204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>514924</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2515.08</td>
<td>503016</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>518424</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2612.5</td>
<td>522500</td>
<td>2243.14</td>
<td>448628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>521924</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2580</td>
<td>516000</td>
<td>2571.36</td>
<td>514272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>514992</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2512.92</td>
<td>502584</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>517992</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2610</td>
<td>522000</td>
<td>2238.48</td>
<td>447696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>520992</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2582.5</td>
<td>516500</td>
<td>2571.34</td>
<td>514268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>514988</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2510.4</td>
<td>502080</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>517488</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2607.5</td>
<td>521500</td>
<td>2233.46</td>
<td>446692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>519988</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2585</td>
<td>517000</td>
<td>2571.32</td>
<td>514264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>514984</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2507.88</td>
<td>501576</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>516984</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2605</td>
<td>521000</td>
<td>2228.44</td>
<td>445688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>518984</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2590</td>
<td>518000</td>
<td>2571.64</td>
<td>514328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>514688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2595</td>
<td>519000</td>
<td>2503.2</td>
<td>500640</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>515688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2600</td>
<td>520000</td>
<td>2218.76</td>
<td>443752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>516688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero</em> = 0 (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.39 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n39

Table 4.3.1.1.1.39-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n39 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1882.5</td>
<td>376500</td>
<td>1880.25</td>
<td>376050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4707</td>
<td>376590</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1899.1</td>
<td>379820</td>
<td>1878.49</td>
<td>375698</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4747</td>
<td>379730</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1917.5</td>
<td>383500</td>
<td>1824.53</td>
<td>364906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4793</td>
<td>383530</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1885</td>
<td>377000</td>
<td>1880.32</td>
<td>376064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4714</td>
<td>377090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1876.96</td>
<td>375392</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4750</td>
<td>379970</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1915</td>
<td>383000</td>
<td>1819.6</td>
<td>363920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4789</td>
<td>383090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>512</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1887.5</td>
<td>377500</td>
<td>1880.39</td>
<td>376078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4712</td>
<td>377050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1874.53</td>
<td>374906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4744</td>
<td>379490</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1912.5</td>
<td>382500</td>
<td>1814.67</td>
<td>362934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4773</td>
<td>381870</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1890</td>
<td>378000</td>
<td>1880.46</td>
<td>376092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4713</td>
<td>377070</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1872.1</td>
<td>374420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4738</td>
<td>379010</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1910</td>
<td>382000</td>
<td>1809.74</td>
<td>361948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4760</td>
<td>380890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1892.5</td>
<td>378500</td>
<td>1880.53</td>
<td>376106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4714</td>
<td>377090</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1869.67</td>
<td>373934</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4732</td>
<td>378530</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1907.5</td>
<td>381500</td>
<td>1804.81</td>
<td>360962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4750</td>
<td>379970</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1895</td>
<td>379000</td>
<td>1880.6</td>
<td>376120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4712</td>
<td>377050</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1867.24</td>
<td>373448</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4726</td>
<td>378050</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1799.88</td>
<td>359976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4737</td>
<td>378990</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>35</td>
<td>188</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1897.5</td>
<td>379500</td>
<td>1880.58</td>
<td>376116</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4713</td>
<td>377070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1864.72</td>
<td>372944</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4720</td>
<td>377570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>108</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1902.5</td>
<td>380500</td>
<td>1794.86</td>
<td>358972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4724</td>
<td>378010</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1880.56</td>
<td>376112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4714</td>
<td>377090</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 for SSB_SCS = 15kHz and Table 13-3 for SSB_SCS=30kHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.39-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n39 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1885</td>
<td>377000</td>
<td>1880.68</td>
<td>376136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4714</td>
<td>377090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1858.96</td>
<td>371792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4750</td>
<td>379970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1915</td>
<td>383000</td>
<td>1729.24</td>
<td>345848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4789</td>
<td>383090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1887.5</td>
<td>377500</td>
<td>1880.66</td>
<td>376132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4712</td>
<td>377050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1856.44</td>
<td>371288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4744</td>
<td>379490</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1912.5</td>
<td>382500</td>
<td>1724.22</td>
<td>344844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4773</td>
<td>381870</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1890</td>
<td>378000</td>
<td>1880.82</td>
<td>376164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4713</td>
<td>377070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1854.1</td>
<td>370820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4738</td>
<td>379010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1910</td>
<td>382000</td>
<td>1719.38</td>
<td>343876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4760</td>
<td>380890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1892.5</td>
<td>378500</td>
<td>1880.8</td>
<td>376160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4714</td>
<td>377090</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1851.58</td>
<td>370316</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4732</td>
<td>378530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1907.5</td>
<td>381500</td>
<td>1714.36</td>
<td>342872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4750</td>
<td>379970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1895</td>
<td>379000</td>
<td>1880.96</td>
<td>376192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4712</td>
<td>377050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1849.24</td>
<td>369848</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4726</td>
<td>378050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1709.52</td>
<td>341904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4737</td>
<td>378990</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>35</td>
<td>92</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1897.5</td>
<td>379500</td>
<td>1880.94</td>
<td>376188</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4713</td>
<td>377070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1846.72</td>
<td>369344</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4720</td>
<td>377570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1902.5</td>
<td>380500</td>
<td>1704.5</td>
<td>340900</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4724</td>
<td>378010</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1880.92</td>
<td>376184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>4714</td>
<td>377090</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.39-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n39 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1885</td>
<td>377000</td>
<td>1881.04</td>
<td>376208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>376928</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1822.6</td>
<td>364520</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>379928</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1915</td>
<td>383000</td>
<td>1548.16</td>
<td>309632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>382928</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1887.5</td>
<td>377500</td>
<td>1881.02</td>
<td>376204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>376924</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1820.08</td>
<td>364016</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>379424</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1912.5</td>
<td>382500</td>
<td>1543.14</td>
<td>308628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>381924</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1890</td>
<td>378000</td>
<td>1881.36</td>
<td>376272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>376992</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1817.92</td>
<td>363584</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>378992</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1910</td>
<td>382000</td>
<td>1538.48</td>
<td>307696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>380992</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1892.5</td>
<td>378500</td>
<td>1881.34</td>
<td>376268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>376988</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1815.4</td>
<td>363080</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>378488</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1907.5</td>
<td>381500</td>
<td>1533.46</td>
<td>306692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>379988</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1895</td>
<td>379000</td>
<td>1881.32</td>
<td>376264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>376984</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1812.88</td>
<td>362576</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>377984</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1528.44</td>
<td>305688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>378984</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>35</td>
<td>44</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1897.5</td>
<td>379500</td>
<td>1881.66</td>
<td>376332</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>377052</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1810.72</td>
<td>362144</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>377552</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1902.5</td>
<td>380500</td>
<td>1523.78</td>
<td>304756</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>378052</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1900</td>
<td>380000</td>
<td>1881.64</td>
<td>376328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>377048</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.40 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n40

Table 4.3.1.1.1.40-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n40 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2302.5</td>
<td>460500</td>
<td>2300.25</td>
<td>460050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>460770</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2329.39</td>
<td>465878</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>470270</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2397.5</td>
<td>479500</td>
<td>2304.53</td>
<td>460906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>479770</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2305</td>
<td>461000</td>
<td>2300.32</td>
<td>460064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5764</td>
<td>461090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2326.96</td>
<td>465392</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5875</td>
<td>469970</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2395</td>
<td>479000</td>
<td>2299.6</td>
<td>459920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5989</td>
<td>479090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>512</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2307.5</td>
<td>461500</td>
<td>2300.39</td>
<td>460078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5762</td>
<td>461050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2324.53</td>
<td>464906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5869</td>
<td>469490</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2392.5</td>
<td>478500</td>
<td>2294.67</td>
<td>458934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5973</td>
<td>477870</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2310</td>
<td>462000</td>
<td>2300.46</td>
<td>460092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5763</td>
<td>461070</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2322.1</td>
<td>464420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5863</td>
<td>469010</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2390</td>
<td>478000</td>
<td>2289.74</td>
<td>457948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5960</td>
<td>476890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2312.5</td>
<td>462500</td>
<td>2300.53</td>
<td>460106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5764</td>
<td>461090</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2319.67</td>
<td>463934</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5857</td>
<td>468530</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2387.5</td>
<td>477500</td>
<td>2284.81</td>
<td>456962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5950</td>
<td>475970</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2315</td>
<td>463000</td>
<td>2300.6</td>
<td>460120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5762</td>
<td>461050</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2317.24</td>
<td>463448</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5851</td>
<td>468050</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2385</td>
<td>477000</td>
<td>2279.88</td>
<td>455976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5937</td>
<td>474990</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2320</td>
<td>464000</td>
<td>2300.56</td>
<td>460112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5764</td>
<td>461090</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2312.2</td>
<td>462440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5839</td>
<td>467090</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>109</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2380</td>
<td>476000</td>
<td>2269.84</td>
<td>453968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5914</td>
<td>473090</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2325</td>
<td>465000</td>
<td>2300.7</td>
<td>460140</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5763</td>
<td>461070</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2307.34</td>
<td>461468</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5827</td>
<td>466130</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>109</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2375</td>
<td>475000</td>
<td>2259.98</td>
<td>451996</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5888</td>
<td>471130</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: No SS/PBCH block fits within the channel bandwidth. The channel bandwidth can only be used as SCell</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.40-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n40 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2305</td>
<td>461000</td>
<td>2300.68</td>
<td>460136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5764</td>
<td>461090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2308.96</td>
<td>461792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5875</td>
<td>469970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2395</td>
<td>479000</td>
<td>2209.24</td>
<td>441848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5989</td>
<td>479090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2307.5</td>
<td>461500</td>
<td>2300.66</td>
<td>460132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5762</td>
<td>461050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2306.44</td>
<td>461288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5869</td>
<td>469490</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2392.5</td>
<td>478500</td>
<td>2204.22</td>
<td>440844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5973</td>
<td>477870</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2310</td>
<td>462000</td>
<td>2300.82</td>
<td>460164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5763</td>
<td>461070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2304.1</td>
<td>460820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5863</td>
<td>469010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2390</td>
<td>478000</td>
<td>2199.38</td>
<td>439876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5960</td>
<td>476890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2312.5</td>
<td>462500</td>
<td>2300.8</td>
<td>460160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5764</td>
<td>461090</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2301.58</td>
<td>460316</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5857</td>
<td>468530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2387.5</td>
<td>477500</td>
<td>2194.36</td>
<td>438872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5950</td>
<td>475970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2315</td>
<td>463000</td>
<td>2300.96</td>
<td>460192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5762</td>
<td>461050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2299.24</td>
<td>459848</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5851</td>
<td>468050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2385</td>
<td>477000</td>
<td>2189.52</td>
<td>437904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5937</td>
<td>474990</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2320</td>
<td>464000</td>
<td>2300.92</td>
<td>460184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5764</td>
<td>461090</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2294.2</td>
<td>458840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5839</td>
<td>467090</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2380</td>
<td>476000</td>
<td>2179.48</td>
<td>435896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5914</td>
<td>473090</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2325</td>
<td>465000</td>
<td>2301.06</td>
<td>460212</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5763</td>
<td>461070</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2289.34</td>
<td>457868</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5827</td>
<td>466130</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2375</td>
<td>475000</td>
<td>2169.62</td>
<td>433924</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5888</td>
<td>471130</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2330</td>
<td>466000</td>
<td>2300.84</td>
<td>460168</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5762</td>
<td>461050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2284.12</td>
<td>456824</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5812</td>
<td>464930</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2370</td>
<td>474000</td>
<td>2159.4</td>
<td>431880</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5862</td>
<td>468990</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2335</td>
<td>467000</td>
<td>2300.98</td>
<td>460196</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5764</td>
<td>461090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2279.26</td>
<td>455852</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5800</td>
<td>463970</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2365</td>
<td>473000</td>
<td>2149.54</td>
<td>429908</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5839</td>
<td>467090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2340</td>
<td>468000</td>
<td>2300.94</td>
<td>460188</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5763</td>
<td>461070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2274.22</td>
<td>454844</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5788</td>
<td>463010</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2360</td>
<td>472000</td>
<td>2139.5</td>
<td>427900</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5813</td>
<td>465130</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2345</td>
<td>469000</td>
<td>2300.9</td>
<td>460180</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5762</td>
<td>461050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2269.18</td>
<td>453836</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5776</td>
<td>462050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2355</td>
<td>471000</td>
<td>2129.46</td>
<td>425892</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5787</td>
<td>462990</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2300.86</td>
<td>460172</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>5764</td>
<td>461090</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2264.14</td>
<td>452828</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5764</td>
<td>461090</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2119.42</td>
<td>423884</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5764</td>
<td>461090</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.40-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n40 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2305</td>
<td>461000</td>
<td>2301.04</td>
<td>460208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>460928</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2272.6</td>
<td>454520</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>469928</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2395</td>
<td>479000</td>
<td>2028.16</td>
<td>405632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>478928</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2307.5</td>
<td>461500</td>
<td>2301.02</td>
<td>460204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>460924</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2270.08</td>
<td>454016</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>469424</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2392.5</td>
<td>478500</td>
<td>2023.14</td>
<td>404628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>477924</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2310</td>
<td>462000</td>
<td>2301.36</td>
<td>460272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>460992</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2267.92</td>
<td>453584</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>468992</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2390</td>
<td>478000</td>
<td>2018.48</td>
<td>403696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>476992</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2312.5</td>
<td>462500</td>
<td>2301.34</td>
<td>460268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>460988</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2265.4</td>
<td>453080</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>468488</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2387.5</td>
<td>477500</td>
<td>2013.46</td>
<td>402692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>475988</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2315</td>
<td>463000</td>
<td>2301.32</td>
<td>460264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>460984</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2262.88</td>
<td>452576</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>467984</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2385</td>
<td>477000</td>
<td>2008.44</td>
<td>401688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>474984</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2320</td>
<td>464000</td>
<td>2301.64</td>
<td>460328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>461048</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2258.2</td>
<td>451640</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>467048</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2380</td>
<td>476000</td>
<td>1998.76</td>
<td>399752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>473048</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2325</td>
<td>465000</td>
<td>2301.6</td>
<td>460320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>461040</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2253.16</td>
<td>450632</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>466040</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2375</td>
<td>475000</td>
<td>1988.72</td>
<td>397744</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>471040</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2330</td>
<td>466000</td>
<td>2301.56</td>
<td>460312</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>461032</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2248.12</td>
<td>449624</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>465032</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2370</td>
<td>474000</td>
<td>1978.68</td>
<td>395736</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>469032</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70</td>
<td>93</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2335</td>
<td>467000</td>
<td>2301.52</td>
<td>460304</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>461024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2243.08</td>
<td>448616</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>464024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2365</td>
<td>473000</td>
<td>1968.64</td>
<td>393728</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>467024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80</td>
<td>107</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2340</td>
<td>468000</td>
<td>2301.48</td>
<td>460296</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>461016</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2238.04</td>
<td>447608</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>463016</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2360</td>
<td>472000</td>
<td>1958.6</td>
<td>391720</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>465016</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90</td>
<td>121</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2345</td>
<td>469000</td>
<td>2301.44</td>
<td>460288</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>461008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2233</td>
<td>446600</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>462008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2355</td>
<td>471000</td>
<td>1948.56</td>
<td>389712</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>463008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100</td>
<td>135</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2301.4</td>
<td>460280</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>461000</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>2227.96</td>
<td>445592</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>461000</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2350</td>
<td>470000</td>
<td>1938.52</td>
<td>387704</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>461000</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORSESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.41 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n41

Table 4.3.1.1.1.41-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n41, SCS 15
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2498.505</td>
<td>499701</td>
<td>2496.255</td>
<td>499251</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6246</td>
<td>499710</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2572.395</td>
<td>514479</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6483</td>
<td>518670</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2687.49</td>
<td>537498</td>
<td>2594.52</td>
<td>518904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6720</td>
<td>537630</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2501.01</td>
<td>500202</td>
<td>2496.33</td>
<td>499266</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6246</td>
<td>499710</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2569.965</td>
<td>513993</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6477</td>
<td>518190</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>537000</td>
<td>2589.6</td>
<td>517920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6705</td>
<td>536430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2503.5</td>
<td>500700</td>
<td>2496.39</td>
<td>499278</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6246</td>
<td>499710</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2567.535</td>
<td>513507</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6471</td>
<td>517710</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2682.495</td>
<td>536499</td>
<td>2584.665</td>
<td>516933</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6693</td>
<td>535470</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2506.005</td>
<td>501201</td>
<td>2496.465</td>
<td>499293</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6246</td>
<td>499710</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2565.105</td>
<td>513021</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6465</td>
<td>517230</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2679.99</td>
<td>535998</td>
<td>2579.73</td>
<td>515946</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6681</td>
<td>534510</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2511</td>
<td>502200</td>
<td>2496.6</td>
<td>499320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6246</td>
<td>499710</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2560.245</td>
<td>512049</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6453</td>
<td>516270</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2674.995</td>
<td>534999</td>
<td>2569.875</td>
<td>513975</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6657</td>
<td>532590</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2516.01</td>
<td>503202</td>
<td>2496.57</td>
<td>499314</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6246</td>
<td>499710</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2555.205</td>
<td>511041</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6441</td>
<td>515310</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>108</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2670</td>
<td>534000</td>
<td>2559.84</td>
<td>511968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6633</td>
<td>530670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2521.005</td>
<td>504201</td>
<td>2496.705</td>
<td>499341</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6246</td>
<td>499710</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2550.345</td>
<td>510069</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6426</td>
<td>514110</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2664.99</td>
<td>532998</td>
<td>2549.97</td>
<td>509994</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6606</td>
<td>528510</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.41-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n41, SCS 30
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2501.01</td>
<td>500202</td>
<td>2496.69</td>
<td>499338</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.99</td>
<td>518598</td>
<td>2551.95</td>
<td>510390</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6483</td>
<td>518670</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>537000</td>
<td>2499.24</td>
<td>499848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6711</td>
<td>536910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2503.5</td>
<td>500700</td>
<td>2496.66</td>
<td>499332</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.99</td>
<td>518598</td>
<td>2549.43</td>
<td>509886</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6474</td>
<td>517950</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2682.48</td>
<td>536496</td>
<td>2494.2</td>
<td>498840</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6699</td>
<td>535950</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2506.02</td>
<td>501204</td>
<td>2496.84</td>
<td>499368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.99</td>
<td>518598</td>
<td>2547.09</td>
<td>509418</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6471</td>
<td>517710</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2679.99</td>
<td>535998</td>
<td>2489.37</td>
<td>497874</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6687</td>
<td>534990</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2511</td>
<td>502200</td>
<td>2496.96</td>
<td>499392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.99</td>
<td>518598</td>
<td>2542.23</td>
<td>508446</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6456</td>
<td>516510</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2674.98</td>
<td>534996</td>
<td>2479.5</td>
<td>495900</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6663</td>
<td>533070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2516.01</td>
<td>503202</td>
<td>2496.93</td>
<td>499386</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.99</td>
<td>518598</td>
<td>2537.19</td>
<td>507438</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6444</td>
<td>515550</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2670</td>
<td>534000</td>
<td>2469.48</td>
<td>493896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6636</td>
<td>530910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2521.02</td>
<td>504204</td>
<td>2497.08</td>
<td>499416</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.99</td>
<td>518598</td>
<td>2532.33</td>
<td>506466</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6432</td>
<td>514590</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2664.99</td>
<td>532998</td>
<td>2459.61</td>
<td>491922</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6612</td>
<td>528990</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2526</td>
<td>505200</td>
<td>2496.84</td>
<td>499368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.99</td>
<td>518598</td>
<td>2527.11</td>
<td>505422</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6420</td>
<td>513630</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2659.98</td>
<td>531996</td>
<td>2449.38</td>
<td>489876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6588</td>
<td>527070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>70</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2531.01</td>
<td>506202</td>
<td>2496.99</td>
<td>499398</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.99</td>
<td>518598</td>
<td>2522.25</td>
<td>504450</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6408</td>
<td>512670</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2439.54</td>
<td>487908</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6564</td>
<td>525150</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2536.02</td>
<td>507204</td>
<td>2496.96</td>
<td>499392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.99</td>
<td>518598</td>
<td>2517.21</td>
<td>503442</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6396</td>
<td>511710</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2649.99</td>
<td>529998</td>
<td>2429.49</td>
<td>485898</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6537</td>
<td>522990</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>90</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2541</td>
<td>508200</td>
<td>2496.9</td>
<td>499380</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.99</td>
<td>518598</td>
<td>2512.17</td>
<td>502434</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6381</td>
<td>510510</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2644.98</td>
<td>528996</td>
<td>2419.44</td>
<td>483888</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6513</td>
<td>521070</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2546.01</td>
<td>509202</td>
<td>2496.87</td>
<td>499374</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2592.99</td>
<td>518598</td>
<td>2507.13</td>
<td>501426</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6369</td>
<td>509550</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>528000</td>
<td>2409.42</td>
<td>481884</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6486</td>
<td>518910</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.41-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n41, SCS 60
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 15 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2501.01</td>
<td>500202</td>
<td>2497.05</td>
<td>499410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>499770</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2515.605</td>
<td>503121</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>518169</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2685</td>
<td>537000</td>
<td>2318.16</td>
<td>463632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>536568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2503.5</td>
<td>500700</td>
<td>2497.02</td>
<td>499404</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>499764</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2513.085</td>
<td>502617</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>517665</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2682.495</td>
<td>536499</td>
<td>2313.135</td>
<td>462627</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>535563</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2506.005</td>
<td>501201</td>
<td>2497.365</td>
<td>499473</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>499833</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2510.925</td>
<td>502185</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>517233</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2679.99</td>
<td>535998</td>
<td>2308.47</td>
<td>461694</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>534630</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2511</td>
<td>502200</td>
<td>2497.32</td>
<td>499464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>499824</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2505.885</td>
<td>501177</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>516225</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2674.995</td>
<td>534999</td>
<td>2298.435</td>
<td>459687</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>532623</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2516.01</td>
<td>503202</td>
<td>2497.65</td>
<td>499530</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>499890</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2501.205</td>
<td>500241</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>515289</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2670</td>
<td>534000</td>
<td>2288.76</td>
<td>457752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>530688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2521.005</td>
<td>504201</td>
<td>2497.605</td>
<td>499521</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>499881</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2496.165</td>
<td>499233</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>514281</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2664.99</td>
<td>532998</td>
<td>2278.71</td>
<td>455742</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>528678</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2526</td>
<td>505200</td>
<td>2497.56</td>
<td>499512</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>499872</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2491.125</td>
<td>498225</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>513273</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2659.995</td>
<td>531999</td>
<td>2268.675</td>
<td>453735</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>526671</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>70</td>
<td>93</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2531.01</td>
<td>506202</td>
<td>2497.53</td>
<td>499506</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>499866</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2486.085</td>
<td>497217</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>512265</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2655</td>
<td>531000</td>
<td>2258.64</td>
<td>451728</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>524664</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>107</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2536.005</td>
<td>507201</td>
<td>2497.485</td>
<td>499497</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>499857</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2481.045</td>
<td>496209</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>511257</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2649.99</td>
<td>529998</td>
<td>2248.59</td>
<td>449718</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>522654</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>90</td>
<td>121</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2541</td>
<td>508200</td>
<td>2497.44</td>
<td>499488</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>499848</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2476.005</td>
<td>495201</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>510249</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2644.995</td>
<td>528999</td>
<td>2238.555</td>
<td>447711</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>520647</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>135</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2546.01</td>
<td>509202</td>
<td>2497.41</td>
<td>499482</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>499842</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2593.005</td>
<td>518601</td>
<td>2470.965</td>
<td>494193</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>509241</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>528000</td>
<td>2228.52</td>
<td>445704</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>518640</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.42 to 4.3.1.1.1.45 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.46 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n46

Table 4.3.1.1.1.46-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n46 and SCS
15 kHz (Note 3)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5730</td>
<td>782000</td>
<td>5725.32</td>
<td>781688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>781928</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5830.02</td>
<td>788668</td>
<td>5734.62</td>
<td>782308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>788596</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5160</td>
<td>744000</td>
<td>5150.46</td>
<td>743364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>743604</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>5479.98</td>
<td>765332</td>
<td>5452.08</td>
<td>763472</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>764936</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5905.02</td>
<td>793668</td>
<td>5804.76</td>
<td>786984</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>793272</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5170.02</td>
<td>744668</td>
<td>5150.58</td>
<td>743372</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>743612</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>5509.98</td>
<td>767332</td>
<td>5472.18</td>
<td>764812</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>766276</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5895</td>
<td>793000</td>
<td>5784.84</td>
<td>785656</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>791944</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-3 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: NR band n46 with SCS =15 kHz is restricted for operation when carrier is configured as an SCell part of a DC or CA configuration. As the bandwidth is limited to SCell then absence of CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 4: The selection of Low, Mid and High test frequencies are restricted to the limited allowed ARFCN values as specified in TS 38.101 [7], Table 5.4.2.3-2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.46-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n46 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5730</td>
<td>782000</td>
<td>5725.68</td>
<td>781712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>781952</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note 3</td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5830.02</td>
<td>788668</td>
<td>5644.26</td>
<td>776284</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>788620</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5160</td>
<td>744000</td>
<td>5150.82</td>
<td>743388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8996</td>
<td>743712</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>5479.98</td>
<td>765332</td>
<td>5434.08</td>
<td>762272</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>9218</td>
<td>765024</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5905.02</td>
<td>793668</td>
<td>5714.4</td>
<td>780960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>9513</td>
<td>793344</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5170.02</td>
<td>744668</td>
<td>5150.94</td>
<td>743396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8996</td>
<td>743712</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>5509.98</td>
<td>767332</td>
<td>5454.18</td>
<td>763612</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>9232</td>
<td>766368</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5895</td>
<td>793000</td>
<td>5694.48</td>
<td>779632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>9499</td>
<td>792000</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5200.02</td>
<td><p>746668</p>
<p>Note 5</p></td>
<td>5170.86</td>
<td>744724</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>9010</td>
<td>745056</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>5500.02</td>
<td>766668</td>
<td>5434.14</td>
<td>762276</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>9218</td>
<td>765024</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5884.98</td>
<td>792332</td>
<td>5674.38</td>
<td>778292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>9485</td>
<td>790656</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5190</td>
<td>746000</td>
<td>5150.94</td>
<td>743396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8996</td>
<td>743712</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>5530,02</td>
<td>768668</td>
<td>5454,24</td>
<td>763616</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>9232</td>
<td>766368</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5875.02</td>
<td>791668</td>
<td>5654.52</td>
<td>776968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>9472</td>
<td>789408</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1016</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as an SCell part of a DC or CA configuration. As the bandwidth is limited to SCell then absence of CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 4: The selection of Low, Mid and High test frequencies are restricted to the limited allowed ARFCN values as specified in TS 38.101 [7], Table 5.4.2.3-2.</p>
<p>Note 5: The next lowest allowed ARFCN values has been selected as the lowest ARFCN value in TS 38.101 [7], Table 5.4.2.3-2 for CBW=60 MHz will cause the required guardband to exceed the bands lower edge.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.46-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n46 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0 (Note 1)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5730</td>
<td>782000</td>
<td>5726.04</td>
<td>781736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>781976</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5830.02</td>
<td>788668</td>
<td>5463.18</td>
<td>764212</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>788644</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5160</td>
<td>744000</td>
<td>5151.36</td>
<td>743424</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>743664</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>5479.98</td>
<td>765332</td>
<td>5397.9</td>
<td>759860</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>764996</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5905.02</td>
<td>793668</td>
<td>5533.5</td>
<td>768900</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>793332</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5170.02</td>
<td>744668</td>
<td>5151.66</td>
<td>743444</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>743684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>5509.98</td>
<td>767332</td>
<td>5418.18</td>
<td>761212</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>766348</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5895</td>
<td>793000</td>
<td>5513.76</td>
<td>767584</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>792016</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5179.98</td>
<td>745332</td>
<td>5151.54</td>
<td>743436</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>743676</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>5500.02</td>
<td>766668</td>
<td>5398.14</td>
<td>759876</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>765012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5884.98</td>
<td>792332</td>
<td>5493.66</td>
<td>766244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>790676</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>107</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5190</td>
<td>746000</td>
<td>5151.48</td>
<td>743432</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>743672</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>5530,02</td>
<td>768668</td>
<td>5418,06</td>
<td>761204</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>766340</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>5875.02</td>
<td>791668</td>
<td>5473.62</td>
<td>764908</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>789340</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 2: The selection of Low, Mid and High test frequencies are restricted to the limited allowed ARFCN values as specified in TS 38.101 [7], Table 5.4.2.3-2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.47 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.48 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n48

Table 4.3.1.1.1.48-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n48 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>(Note 4)</th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3552.51</td>
<td>636834</td>
<td>3550.26</td>
<td>636684</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3625.005</td>
<td>641667</td>
<td>3604.395</td>
<td>640293</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3697.5</td>
<td>646500</td>
<td>3604.53</td>
<td>640302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.32</td>
<td>636688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3601.95</td>
<td>640130</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3599.58</td>
<td>639972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.41</td>
<td>636694</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3599.52</td>
<td>639968</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7931</td>
<td>641472</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3594.66</td>
<td>639644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.47</td>
<td>636698</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3597.09</td>
<td>639806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7930</td>
<td>641376</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>110</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3589.74</td>
<td>639316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3565.02</td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.62</td>
<td>636708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3592.23</td>
<td>639482</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3579.87</td>
<td>638658</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.56</td>
<td>636704</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3587.19</td>
<td>639146</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7923</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>109</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3569.82</td>
<td>637988</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3575.01</td>
<td>638334</td>
<td>3550.71</td>
<td>636714</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(Note 4)</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3582.33</td>
<td>638822</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3559.98</td>
<td>637332</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-3 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: No SS/PBCH block fits within the channel bandwidth. The channel bandwidth can only be used as SCell.</p>
<p>Note 4: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as a downlink only SCell part of a CA configuration. As the bandwidth is limited to SCell then absence of CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.48-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n48 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3583.95</td>
<td>638930</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3509.22</td>
<td>633948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3581.43</td>
<td>638762</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7931</td>
<td>641472</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3504.21</td>
<td>633614</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3579.09</td>
<td>638606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7930</td>
<td>641376</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3499.38</td>
<td>633292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3565.02</td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.98</td>
<td>636732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3574.23</td>
<td>638282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3489.51</td>
<td>632634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3569.19</td>
<td>637946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7923</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3479.46</td>
<td>631964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3575.01</td>
<td>638334</td>
<td>3551.07</td>
<td>636738</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3564.33</td>
<td>637622</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3469.62</td>
<td>631308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3580.02</td>
<td>638668</td>
<td>3550.86</td>
<td>636724</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3559.11</td>
<td>637274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3669.99</td>
<td>644666</td>
<td>3459.39</td>
<td>630626</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>70</td>
<td>189</td>
<td><p>Downlink</p>
<p>(Note 3)</p></td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3585</td>
<td>639000</td>
<td>3550.98</td>
<td>636732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3554.25</td>
<td>636950</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3664.98</td>
<td>644332</td>
<td>3449.52</td>
<td>629968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3590.01</td>
<td>639334</td>
<td>3550.95</td>
<td>636730</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3549.21</td>
<td>636614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>639360</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>644000</td>
<td>3439.5</td>
<td>629300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>90</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3595.02</td>
<td>639668</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3544.17</td>
<td>636278</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3654.99</td>
<td>643666</td>
<td>3429.45</td>
<td>628630</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3550.86</td>
<td>636724</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3539.13</td>
<td>635942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>638688</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3649.98</td>
<td>643332</td>
<td>3419.4</td>
<td>627960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>31</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as a downlink only SCell part of a CA configuration. As the bandwidth is limited to SCell then absence of CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.48-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n48 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0 (Note 1)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3551.04</td>
<td>636736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>636976</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3547.59</td>
<td>636506</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>641642</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3328.14</td>
<td>621876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>646308</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3551.04</td>
<td>636736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>636976</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3545.07</td>
<td>636338</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>641474</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3323.13</td>
<td>621542</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>645974</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3551.37</td>
<td>636758</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>636998</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3542.91</td>
<td>636194</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>641330</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3318.48</td>
<td>621232</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>645664</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3565.02</td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.98</td>
<td>636732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3574.23</td>
<td>638282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3489.51</td>
<td>632634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3551.64</td>
<td>636776</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637016</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3533.19</td>
<td>635546</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640682</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3298.74</td>
<td>619916</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>644348</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink(Note 2)</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3575.01</td>
<td>638334</td>
<td>3551.61</td>
<td>636774</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3528.15</td>
<td>635210</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640346</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3288.72</td>
<td>619248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>643680</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink(Note 2)</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3580.02</td>
<td>638668</td>
<td>3551.58</td>
<td>636772</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3523.11</td>
<td>634874</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3669.99</td>
<td>644666</td>
<td>3278.67</td>
<td>618578</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>643010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>70</td>
<td>93</td>
<td><p>Downlink</p>
<p>(Note 2)</p></td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3585</td>
<td>639000</td>
<td>3551.52</td>
<td>636768</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3518.07</td>
<td>634538</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639674</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3664.98</td>
<td>644332</td>
<td>3268.62</td>
<td>617908</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>642340</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>107</td>
<td>Downlink(Note 2)</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3590.01</td>
<td>639334</td>
<td>3551.49</td>
<td>636766</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637006</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3513.03</td>
<td>634202</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639338</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>644000</td>
<td>3258.6</td>
<td>617240</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>641672</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>90</td>
<td>121</td>
<td>Downlink(Note 2)</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3595.02</td>
<td>639668</td>
<td>3551.46</td>
<td>636764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637004</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3507.99</td>
<td>633866</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639002</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3654.99</td>
<td>643666</td>
<td>3248.55</td>
<td>616570</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>641002</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>135</td>
<td>Downlink(Note 2)</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3551.4</td>
<td>636760</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637000</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3502.95</td>
<td>633530</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638666</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3649.98</td>
<td>643332</td>
<td>3238.5</td>
<td>615900</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640332</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 2: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as a downlink only SCell part of a CA configuration.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.49 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.50 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n50

Table 4.3.1.1.1.50-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n50 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1434.5</td>
<td>286900</td>
<td>1432.25</td>
<td>286450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>287170</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1453.89</td>
<td>290778</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>295170</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1514.5</td>
<td>302900</td>
<td>1421.53</td>
<td>284306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>303170</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.32</td>
<td>286464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1451.46</td>
<td>290292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3687</td>
<td>294990</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>110</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1416.6</td>
<td>283320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3780</td>
<td>302430</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.39</td>
<td>286478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1449.03</td>
<td>289806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3678</td>
<td>294270</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1411.67</td>
<td>282334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3767</td>
<td>301450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3590</td>
<td>287290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3672</td>
<td>293790</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3754</td>
<td>300290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1432.56</td>
<td>286512</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1436.7</td>
<td>287340</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3648</td>
<td>291870</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1386.84</td>
<td>277368</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>296430</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1432.7</td>
<td>286540</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3593</td>
<td>287530</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1431.84</td>
<td>286368</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3636</td>
<td>290910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1376.98</td>
<td>275396</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3682</td>
<td>294530</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: No SS/PBCH block fits within the channel bandwidth. The channel bandwidth can only be used as SCell</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.50-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n50 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.68</td>
<td>286536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1433.46</td>
<td>286692</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3687</td>
<td>294990</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1326.24</td>
<td>265248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3780</td>
<td>302430</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.66</td>
<td>286532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1430.94</td>
<td>286188</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3678</td>
<td>294270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1321.22</td>
<td>264244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3767</td>
<td>301450</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.82</td>
<td>286564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3590</td>
<td>287290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1428.6</td>
<td>285720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3672</td>
<td>293790</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1316.38</td>
<td>263276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3754</td>
<td>300290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1432.92</td>
<td>286584</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1418.7</td>
<td>283740</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3648</td>
<td>291870</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1296.48</td>
<td>259296</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>296430</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1433.06</td>
<td>286612</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3593</td>
<td>287530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1413.84</td>
<td>282768</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3636</td>
<td>290910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1286.62</td>
<td>257324</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3682</td>
<td>294530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1462</td>
<td>292400</td>
<td>1432.84</td>
<td>286568</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1408.62</td>
<td>281724</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3624</td>
<td>289950</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1487</td>
<td>297400</td>
<td>1276.4</td>
<td>255280</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3653</td>
<td>292330</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1472</td>
<td>294400</td>
<td>1432.94</td>
<td>286588</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>3593</td>
<td>287530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(Note 3)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1398.72</td>
<td>279744</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>288030</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1477</td>
<td>295400</td>
<td>1256.5</td>
<td>251300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3607</td>
<td>288530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to downlink (TS 38.101-1 table 5.3.5-1).</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.50-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n50 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1433.04</td>
<td>286608</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>287328</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1397.1</td>
<td>279420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>294828</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1145.16</td>
<td>229032</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>302328</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1433.02</td>
<td>286604</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>287324</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1394.58</td>
<td>278916</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>294324</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1140.14</td>
<td>228028</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>301324</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1433.36</td>
<td>286672</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>287392</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1392.42</td>
<td>278484</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>293892</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1135.48</td>
<td>227096</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>300392</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1433.64</td>
<td>286728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>287448</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1382.7</td>
<td>276540</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>291948</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1115.76</td>
<td>223152</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>296448</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1433.6</td>
<td>286720</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>287440</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1377.66</td>
<td>275532</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>290940</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1105.72</td>
<td>221144</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>294440</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1462</td>
<td>292400</td>
<td>1433.56</td>
<td>286712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>287432</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1372.62</td>
<td>274524</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>289932</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1487</td>
<td>297400</td>
<td>1095.68</td>
<td>219136</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>292432</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>107</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1472</td>
<td>294400</td>
<td>1433.48</td>
<td>286696</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>287416</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(Note 2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1362.54</td>
<td>272508</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>287916</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1477</td>
<td>295400</td>
<td>1075.6</td>
<td>215120</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>288416</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 2: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to downlink (TS 38.101-1 table 5.3.5-1).</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.51 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n51

Table 4.3.1.1.1.51-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n51 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>[MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1429.5</td>
<td>285900</td>
<td>1427.25</td>
<td>285450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3573</td>
<td>285870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.52 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.53 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n53

Table 4.3.1.1.1.53-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n53 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2486</td>
<td>497200</td>
<td>2483.75</td>
<td>496750</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6215</td>
<td>497290</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2489.3</td>
<td>497860</td>
<td>2468.69</td>
<td>493738</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6221</td>
<td>497770</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2492.5</td>
<td>498500</td>
<td>2399.53</td>
<td>479906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6232</td>
<td>498530</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2488.5</td>
<td>497700</td>
<td>2483.82</td>
<td>496764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>6216</td>
<td>497310</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2489.3</td>
<td>497860</td>
<td>2466.6</td>
<td>493252</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6215</td>
<td>497290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2490</td>
<td>498000</td>
<td>2394.6</td>
<td>478920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6219</td>
<td>497550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.53-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n53 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2488.5</td>
<td>497700</td>
<td>2484.18</td>
<td>496836</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6222</td>
<td>497790</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2489.3</td>
<td>497860</td>
<td>2448.26</td>
<td>489652</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6221</td>
<td>497770</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2490</td>
<td>498000</td>
<td>2304.24</td>
<td>460848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6225</td>
<td>498030</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.53-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n53 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2488.5</td>
<td>497700</td>
<td>2484.54</td>
<td>496908</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>497268</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2489.3</td>
<td>497860</td>
<td>2411.9</td>
<td>482380</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>497428</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2490</td>
<td>498000</td>
<td>2123.16</td>
<td>424632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>497568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.54 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n54

Table 4.3.1.1.1.54-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n54 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1672.5</td>
<td>334500</td>
<td>1670.25</td>
<td>334050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4182</td>
<td>334590</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2(4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.55 to 4.3.1.1.1.64 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.65 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n65

Table 4.3.1.1.1.65-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n65 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2112.5</td>
<td>422500</td>
<td>2110.25</td>
<td>422050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5279</td>
<td>422410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2134.39</td>
<td>426878</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5389</td>
<td>431090</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2197.5</td>
<td>439500</td>
<td>2104.53</td>
<td>420906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5493</td>
<td>439470</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1922.5</td>
<td>384500</td>
<td>1920.25</td>
<td>384050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1872.03</td>
<td>374406</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>2004.17</td>
<td>400834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.32</td>
<td>422064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5280</td>
<td>422430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2131.96</td>
<td>426392</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5383</td>
<td>430610</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2195</td>
<td>439000</td>
<td>2099.6</td>
<td>419920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5480</td>
<td>438490</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1925</td>
<td>385000</td>
<td>1920.32</td>
<td>384064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1869.6</td>
<td>373920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1999.24</td>
<td>399848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.39</td>
<td>422078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5281</td>
<td>422450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2129.53</td>
<td>425906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5377</td>
<td>430130</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2192.5</td>
<td>438500</td>
<td>2094.67</td>
<td>418934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5470</td>
<td>437570</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1927.5</td>
<td>385500</td>
<td>1920.39</td>
<td>384078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1867.17</td>
<td>373434</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1994.31</td>
<td>398862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.46</td>
<td>422092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5282</td>
<td>422650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2127.1</td>
<td>425420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5371</td>
<td>429650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2190</td>
<td>438000</td>
<td>2089.74</td>
<td>417948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5457</td>
<td>436590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1930</td>
<td>386000</td>
<td>1920.46</td>
<td>384092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1864.74</td>
<td>372948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2000</td>
<td>400000</td>
<td>1989.38</td>
<td>397876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.65-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n65 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.68</td>
<td>422136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2113.96</td>
<td>422792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5389</td>
<td>431090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2195</td>
<td>439000</td>
<td>2009.24</td>
<td>401848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5486</td>
<td>438970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1925</td>
<td>385000</td>
<td>1920.68</td>
<td>384136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1779.24</td>
<td>355848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1998.52</td>
<td>399704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.66</td>
<td>422132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5287</td>
<td>422930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2111.44</td>
<td>422288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5380</td>
<td>430370</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2192.5</td>
<td>438500</td>
<td>2004.22</td>
<td>400844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5476</td>
<td>438050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1927.5</td>
<td>385500</td>
<td>1920.66</td>
<td>384132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1776.72</td>
<td>355344</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1993.5</td>
<td>398700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.82</td>
<td>422164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5285</td>
<td>422890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2109.1</td>
<td>421820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5374</td>
<td>429890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2190</td>
<td>438000</td>
<td>1999.38</td>
<td>399876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5463</td>
<td>437070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1930</td>
<td>386000</td>
<td>1920.82</td>
<td>384164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1774.38</td>
<td>354876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2000</td>
<td>400000</td>
<td>1988.66</td>
<td>397732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.65-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n65 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2111.04</td>
<td>422208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2077.6</td>
<td>415520</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>430568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2195</td>
<td>439000</td>
<td>1828.16</td>
<td>365632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>438568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1925</td>
<td>385000</td>
<td>1921.04</td>
<td>384208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1598.16</td>
<td>319632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1996.72</td>
<td>399344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2111.02</td>
<td>422204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2075.08</td>
<td>415016</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>430064</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2192.5</td>
<td>438500</td>
<td>1823.14</td>
<td>364628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>437564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1927.5</td>
<td>385500</td>
<td>1921.02</td>
<td>384204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1595.64</td>
<td>319128</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1991.7</td>
<td>398340</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2111.36</td>
<td>422272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2072.92</td>
<td>414584</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>429632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2190</td>
<td>438000</td>
<td>1818.48</td>
<td>363696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>436632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1930</td>
<td>386000</td>
<td>1921.36</td>
<td>384272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1965</td>
<td>393000</td>
<td>1593.48</td>
<td>318696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2000</td>
<td>400000</td>
<td>1987.04</td>
<td>397408</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.66 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n66

Table 4.3.1.1.1.66-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n66, uplink
and downlink channel bandwidth combinations and SCS 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>UL/DLCBW</p>
<p>Combination</p>
<p>(Asymmetric BCS)</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2112.5</td>
<td>422500</td>
<td>2110.25</td>
<td>422050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5279</td>
<td>422410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2124.39</td>
<td>424878</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5361</td>
<td>428910</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2177.5</td>
<td>435500</td>
<td>2084.53</td>
<td>416906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5443</td>
<td>435410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1712.5</td>
<td>342500</td>
<td>1710.25</td>
<td>342050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1652.03</td>
<td>330406</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1777.5</td>
<td>355500</td>
<td>1774.17</td>
<td>354834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.46</td>
<td>422092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5282</td>
<td>422650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2152.5</td>
<td>430500</td>
<td>2124.6</td>
<td>424920</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5364</td>
<td>429150</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2185</td>
<td>437000</td>
<td>2084.74</td>
<td>416948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5446</td>
<td>435650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1712.5</td>
<td>342500</td>
<td>1710.25</td>
<td>342050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1652.03</td>
<td>330406</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1777.5</td>
<td>355500</td>
<td>1774.17</td>
<td>354834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2122.5</td>
<td>424500</td>
<td>2110.53</td>
<td>422106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2124.67</td>
<td>424934</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5365</td>
<td>429170</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2187.5</td>
<td>437500</td>
<td>2084.81</td>
<td>416962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5444</td>
<td>435610</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1712.5</td>
<td>342500</td>
<td>1710.25</td>
<td>342050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1652.03</td>
<td>330406</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1777.5</td>
<td>355500</td>
<td>1774.17</td>
<td>354834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2125</td>
<td>425000</td>
<td>2110.6</td>
<td>422120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5284</td>
<td>422690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2122.24</td>
<td>424448</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5359</td>
<td>428690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2185</td>
<td>437000</td>
<td>2079.88</td>
<td>415976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5434</td>
<td>434690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1712.5</td>
<td>342500</td>
<td>1710.25</td>
<td>342050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1742.5</td>
<td>348500</td>
<td>1649.53</td>
<td>329906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1769.17</td>
<td>353834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.56</td>
<td>422112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2117.2</td>
<td>423440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5344</td>
<td>427490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>2069.84</td>
<td>413968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5405</td>
<td>432490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1712.5</td>
<td>342500</td>
<td>1710.25</td>
<td>342050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1737.5</td>
<td>347500</td>
<td>1644.53</td>
<td>328906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1762.5</td>
<td>352500</td>
<td>1759.17</td>
<td>351834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.32</td>
<td>422064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5280</td>
<td>422430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2121.96</td>
<td>424392</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5355</td>
<td>428430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>435000</td>
<td>2079.6</td>
<td>415920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5430</td>
<td>434430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.32</td>
<td>342064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1649.6</td>
<td>329920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1769.24</td>
<td>353848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.46</td>
<td>422092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5282</td>
<td>422650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>430000</td>
<td>2122.1</td>
<td>424420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5357</td>
<td>428650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>2079.74</td>
<td>415948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5432</td>
<td>434650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.32</td>
<td>342064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1649.6</td>
<td>329920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1769.24</td>
<td>353848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2122.5</td>
<td>424500</td>
<td>2110.53</td>
<td>422106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2152.5</td>
<td>430500</td>
<td>2122.17</td>
<td>424434</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5358</td>
<td>428670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2182.5</td>
<td>436500</td>
<td>2079.81</td>
<td>415962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5433</td>
<td>434670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.32</td>
<td>342064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1649.6</td>
<td>329920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1769.24</td>
<td>353848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2125</td>
<td>425000</td>
<td>2110.6</td>
<td>422120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5284</td>
<td>422690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2122.24</td>
<td>424448</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5359</td>
<td>428690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2185</td>
<td>437000</td>
<td>2079.88</td>
<td>415976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5434</td>
<td>434690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.32</td>
<td>342064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1649.6</td>
<td>329920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1769.24</td>
<td>353848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.56</td>
<td>422112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2117.2</td>
<td>423440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5344</td>
<td>427490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>2069.84</td>
<td>413968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5405</td>
<td>432490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.32</td>
<td>342064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1740</td>
<td>348000</td>
<td>1644.6</td>
<td>328920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1759.24</td>
<td>351848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.39</td>
<td>422078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5281</td>
<td>422450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2119.53</td>
<td>423906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5349</td>
<td>427950</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2172.5</td>
<td>434500</td>
<td>2074.67</td>
<td>414934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5417</td>
<td>433450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1710.39</td>
<td>342078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1647.17</td>
<td>329434</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1764.31</td>
<td>352862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.46</td>
<td>422092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5282</td>
<td>422650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2117.1</td>
<td>423420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5343</td>
<td>427470</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2170</td>
<td>434000</td>
<td>2069.74</td>
<td>413948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5407</td>
<td>432530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1710.46</td>
<td>342092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1644.74</td>
<td>328948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1759.38</td>
<td>351876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.56</td>
<td>422112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2117.2</td>
<td>423440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5344</td>
<td>427490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>2069.84</td>
<td>413968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5405</td>
<td>432490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1710.46</td>
<td>342092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1644.74</td>
<td>328948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1759.38</td>
<td>351876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2122.5</td>
<td>424500</td>
<td>2110.53</td>
<td>422106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2114.67</td>
<td>422934</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5337</td>
<td>426990</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2167.5</td>
<td>433500</td>
<td>2064.81</td>
<td>412962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5394</td>
<td>431550</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1722.5</td>
<td>344500</td>
<td>1710.53</td>
<td>342106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1642.31</td>
<td>328462</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1767.5</td>
<td>353500</td>
<td>1754.45</td>
<td>350890</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.56</td>
<td>422112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2152.5</td>
<td>430500</td>
<td>2114.7</td>
<td>422940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5337</td>
<td>426990</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>435000</td>
<td>2064.84</td>
<td>412968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5394</td>
<td>431550</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1722.5</td>
<td>344500</td>
<td>1710.53</td>
<td>342106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1642.31</td>
<td>328462</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1767.5</td>
<td>353500</td>
<td>1754.45</td>
<td>350890</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2125</td>
<td>425000</td>
<td>2110.6</td>
<td>422120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5284</td>
<td>422690</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2112.24</td>
<td>422448</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5331</td>
<td>426510</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2165</td>
<td>433000</td>
<td>2059.88</td>
<td>411976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5381</td>
<td>430570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1725</td>
<td>345000</td>
<td>1710.6</td>
<td>342120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1639.88</td>
<td>327976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1749.52</td>
<td>349904</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.56</td>
<td>422112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>430000</td>
<td>2112.2</td>
<td>422440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5330</td>
<td>426490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2170</td>
<td>434000</td>
<td>2059.84</td>
<td>411968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5383</td>
<td>430610</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1725</td>
<td>345000</td>
<td>1710.6</td>
<td>342120</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1639.88</td>
<td>327976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1749.52</td>
<td>349904</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.56</td>
<td>422112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2107.2</td>
<td>421440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5319</td>
<td>425550</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>432000</td>
<td>2049.84</td>
<td>409968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5358</td>
<td>428670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>346000</td>
<td>1710.56</td>
<td>342112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1634.84</td>
<td>326968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>352000</td>
<td>1739.48</td>
<td>347896</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>N.A./40</p>
<p>(Note4)</p></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>2069.84</td>
<td>413968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5405</td>
<td>432490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>45/45</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>242</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2132.5</td>
<td>426500</td>
<td>2110.72</td>
<td>422144</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5284</td>
<td>422690</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2104.86</td>
<td>420972</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5313</td>
<td>425070</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>103</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2157.5</td>
<td>431500</td>
<td>2045</td>
<td>409000</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5345</td>
<td>427690</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>45</td>
<td>242</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1732.5</td>
<td>346500</td>
<td>1710.72</td>
<td>342144</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1632.5</td>
<td>326500</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1757.5</td>
<td>351500</td>
<td>1734.64</td>
<td>346928</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: Asymmetric CBW BCS refers to applicable asymmetric UL and DL channel bandwidth combination set as specified in TS 38.101-1 [7], Table 5.3.6-1 for NR band n66.</p>
<p>Note 4: Used only for non-contiguous CA x+40 combination and CA x+x+40 combination with no UL configuration on the SB in Table 4.3.1.1.5.66.1-1 and Table 4.3</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.66-1A: Void

Table 4.3.1.1.1.66-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n66, uplink
and downlink channel bandwidth combinations and SCS 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>UL/DLCBW</p>
<p>Combination</p>
<p>(Asymmetric BCS)</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.68</td>
<td>422136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2103.96</td>
<td>420792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5361</td>
<td>428910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>435000</td>
<td>1989.24</td>
<td>397848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5436</td>
<td>434910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.68</td>
<td>342136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1559.24</td>
<td>311848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1768.52</td>
<td>353704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.82</td>
<td>422164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5285</td>
<td>422890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>430000</td>
<td>2104.1</td>
<td>420820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5360</td>
<td>428890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>1989.38</td>
<td>397876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5435</td>
<td>434890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.68</td>
<td>342136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1559.24</td>
<td>311848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1768.52</td>
<td>353704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2122.5</td>
<td>424500</td>
<td>2110.8</td>
<td>422160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2152.5</td>
<td>430500</td>
<td>2104.08</td>
<td>420816</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5361</td>
<td>428910</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2182.5</td>
<td>436500</td>
<td>1989.36</td>
<td>397872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5436</td>
<td>434910</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.68</td>
<td>342136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1559.24</td>
<td>311848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1768.52</td>
<td>353704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2125</td>
<td>425000</td>
<td>2110.96</td>
<td>422192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5287</td>
<td>422930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2104.24</td>
<td>420848</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5362</td>
<td>428930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2185</td>
<td>437000</td>
<td>1989.52</td>
<td>397904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5437</td>
<td>434930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.68</td>
<td>342136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1559.24</td>
<td>311848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1768.52</td>
<td>353704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.92</td>
<td>422184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2099.2</td>
<td>419840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5350</td>
<td>427970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>1979.48</td>
<td>395896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5411</td>
<td>432970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.68</td>
<td>342136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1740</td>
<td>348000</td>
<td>1554.24</td>
<td>310848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1758.52</td>
<td>351704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.66</td>
<td>422132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5287</td>
<td>422930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2101.44</td>
<td>420288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5355</td>
<td>428430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2172.5</td>
<td>434500</td>
<td>1984.22</td>
<td>396844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5423</td>
<td>433930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1710.66</td>
<td>342132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1556.72</td>
<td>311344</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1763.5</td>
<td>352700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.82</td>
<td>422164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5285</td>
<td>422890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2099.1</td>
<td>419820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5349</td>
<td>427950</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2170</td>
<td>434000</td>
<td>1979.38</td>
<td>395876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5413</td>
<td>433010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1710.82</td>
<td>342164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1554.38</td>
<td>310876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1758.66</td>
<td>351732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.92</td>
<td>422184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2099.2</td>
<td>419840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5350</td>
<td>427970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>1979.48</td>
<td>395896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5411</td>
<td>432970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1710.82</td>
<td>342164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1554.38</td>
<td>310876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1758.66</td>
<td>351732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2122.5</td>
<td>424500</td>
<td>2110.8</td>
<td>422160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2096.58</td>
<td>419316</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5343</td>
<td>427470</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2167.5</td>
<td>433500</td>
<td>1974.36</td>
<td>394872</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5400</td>
<td>432030</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1722.5</td>
<td>344500</td>
<td>1710.8</td>
<td>342160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1551.86</td>
<td>310372</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1767.5</td>
<td>353500</td>
<td>1753.64</td>
<td>350728</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.92</td>
<td>422184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2152.5</td>
<td>430500</td>
<td>2096.7</td>
<td>419340</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5343</td>
<td>427470</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>435000</td>
<td>1974.48</td>
<td>394896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5400</td>
<td>432030</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1722.5</td>
<td>344500</td>
<td>1710.8</td>
<td>342160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1551.86</td>
<td>310372</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1767.5</td>
<td>353500</td>
<td>1753.64</td>
<td>350728</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2125</td>
<td>425000</td>
<td>2110.96</td>
<td>422192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5287</td>
<td>422930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2094.24</td>
<td>418848</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5337</td>
<td>426990</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2165</td>
<td>433000</td>
<td>1969.52</td>
<td>393904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5387</td>
<td>431050</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1725</td>
<td>345000</td>
<td>1710.96</td>
<td>342192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1549.52</td>
<td>309904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1748.8</td>
<td>349760</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.92</td>
<td>422184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>430000</td>
<td>2094.2</td>
<td>418840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5336</td>
<td>426970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2170</td>
<td>434000</td>
<td>1969.48</td>
<td>393896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5389</td>
<td>431090</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1725</td>
<td>345000</td>
<td>1710.96</td>
<td>342192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1549.52</td>
<td>309904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1748.8</td>
<td>349760</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.92</td>
<td>422184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2089.2</td>
<td>417840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5325</td>
<td>426030</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>432000</td>
<td>1959.48</td>
<td>391896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5361</td>
<td>428910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>346000</td>
<td>1710.92</td>
<td>342184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1544.48</td>
<td>308896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>352000</td>
<td>1738.76</td>
<td>347752</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>N.A./40</p>
<p>(Note4)</p></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>1979.48</td>
<td>395896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5411</td>
<td>432970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>45/45</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>119</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2132.5</td>
<td>426500</td>
<td>2111.08</td>
<td>422216</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5290</td>
<td>423170</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2086.86</td>
<td>417372</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5319</td>
<td>425550</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2157.5</td>
<td>431500</td>
<td>1954.64</td>
<td>390928</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5351</td>
<td>428170</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>45</td>
<td>119</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1732.5</td>
<td>346500</td>
<td>1711.08</td>
<td>342216</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1542.14</td>
<td>308428</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1757.5</td>
<td>351500</td>
<td>1733.92</td>
<td>346784</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: Asymmetric CBW BCS refers to applicable asymmetric UL and DL channel bandwidth combination set as specified in TS 38.101-1 [7], Table 5.3.6-1 for NR band n66.</p>
<p>Note 4: Used only for non-contiguous CA x+40 combination and CA x+x+40 combination with no UL configuration on the SB in Table 4.3.1.1.5.66.1-2 and Table 4.3.1.1.5.66.2-2</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.66-2A: Void

Table 4.3.1.1.1.66-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n66, uplink
and downlink channel bandwidth combinations and SCS 60 kHz without
CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>UL/DLCBW</p>
<p>(Asymmetric BCS)</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2111.04</td>
<td>422208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2067.6</td>
<td>413520</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>428568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>435000</td>
<td>1808.16</td>
<td>361632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>434568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1711.04</td>
<td>342208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1378.16</td>
<td>275632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1766.72</td>
<td>353344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2111.36</td>
<td>422272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>430000</td>
<td>2067.92</td>
<td>413584</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>428632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>1808.48</td>
<td>361696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>434632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1711.04</td>
<td>342208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1378.16</td>
<td>275632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1766.72</td>
<td>353344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2122.5</td>
<td>424500</td>
<td>2111.34</td>
<td>422268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2152.5</td>
<td>430500</td>
<td>2067.9</td>
<td>413580</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>428628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2182.5</td>
<td>436500</td>
<td>1808.46</td>
<td>361692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>434628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1711.04</td>
<td>342208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1378.16</td>
<td>275632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1766.72</td>
<td>353344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2125</td>
<td>425000</td>
<td>2111.32</td>
<td>422264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2067.88</td>
<td>413576</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>428624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2185</td>
<td>437000</td>
<td>1808.44</td>
<td>361688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>434624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1711.04</td>
<td>342208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1378.16</td>
<td>275632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1766.72</td>
<td>353344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2111.64</td>
<td>422328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2063.2</td>
<td>412640</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>427688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>1798.76</td>
<td>359752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>432688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1711.04</td>
<td>342208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1740</td>
<td>348000</td>
<td>1373.16</td>
<td>274632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1756.72</td>
<td>351344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2111.02</td>
<td>422204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2065.08</td>
<td>413016</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>428064</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2172.5</td>
<td>434500</td>
<td>1803.14</td>
<td>360628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>433564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1711.02</td>
<td>342204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1375.64</td>
<td>275128</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1761.7</td>
<td>352340</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2111.36</td>
<td>422272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2062.92</td>
<td>412584</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>427632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2170</td>
<td>434000</td>
<td>1798.48</td>
<td>359696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>432632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1711.36</td>
<td>342272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1373.48</td>
<td>274696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1757.04</td>
<td>351408</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2111.64</td>
<td>422328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2155</td>
<td>431000</td>
<td>2063.2</td>
<td>412640</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>427688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>1798.76</td>
<td>359752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>432688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1711.36</td>
<td>342272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1373.48</td>
<td>274696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1757.04</td>
<td>351408</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2122.5</td>
<td>424500</td>
<td>2111.34</td>
<td>422268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2060.4</td>
<td>412080</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>427128</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2167.5</td>
<td>433500</td>
<td>1793.46</td>
<td>358692</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>431628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1722.5</td>
<td>344500</td>
<td>1711.34</td>
<td>342268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1370.96</td>
<td>274192</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1767.5</td>
<td>353500</td>
<td>1752.02</td>
<td>350404</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2111.64</td>
<td>422328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2152.5</td>
<td>430500</td>
<td>2060.7</td>
<td>412140</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>427188</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>435000</td>
<td>1793.76</td>
<td>358752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>431688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1722.5</td>
<td>344500</td>
<td>1711.34</td>
<td>342268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1370.96</td>
<td>274192</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1767.5</td>
<td>353500</td>
<td>1752.02</td>
<td>350404</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2125</td>
<td>425000</td>
<td>2111.32</td>
<td>422264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2057.88</td>
<td>411576</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>426624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2165</td>
<td>433000</td>
<td>1788.44</td>
<td>357688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>430624</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1725</td>
<td>345000</td>
<td>1711.32</td>
<td>342264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1368.44</td>
<td>273688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1747</td>
<td>349400</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2111.64</td>
<td>422328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2150</td>
<td>430000</td>
<td>2058.2</td>
<td>411640</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>426688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2170</td>
<td>434000</td>
<td>1788.76</td>
<td>357752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>430688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1725</td>
<td>345000</td>
<td>1711.32</td>
<td>342264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1368.44</td>
<td>273688</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1765</td>
<td>353000</td>
<td>1747</td>
<td>349400</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2111.64</td>
<td>422328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2053.2</td>
<td>410640</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>425688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>432000</td>
<td>1778.76</td>
<td>355752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>428688</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>346000</td>
<td>1711.64</td>
<td>342328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1363.76</td>
<td>272752</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>352000</td>
<td>1737.32</td>
<td>347464</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>45/45</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>58</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2132.5</td>
<td>426500</td>
<td>2111.62</td>
<td>422324</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>422684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2050.68</td>
<td>410136</td>
<td>102</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>425184</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2157.5</td>
<td>431500</td>
<td>1773.74</td>
<td>354748</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>427684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>45</td>
<td>58</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1732.5</td>
<td>346500</td>
<td>1711.62</td>
<td>342324</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1361.24</td>
<td>272248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1757.5</td>
<td>351500</td>
<td>1732.3</td>
<td>346460</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 2 Asymmetric CBW BCS refers to applicable asymmetric UL and DL channel bandwidth combination set as specified in TS 38.101-1 [7], Table 5.3.6-1 for NR band n66.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.66-3A: Void

###### 4.3.1.1.1.67 -- 4.3.1.1.1.69 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.70 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n70

Table 4.3.1.1.1.70-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n70 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>UL/DLBandwidth</p>
<p>combination</p></th>
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1997.5</td>
<td>399500</td>
<td>1995.25</td>
<td>399050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4993</td>
<td>399410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1981.89</td>
<td>396378</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5007</td>
<td>400590</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1914.53</td>
<td>382906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5018</td>
<td>401530</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1697.5</td>
<td>339500</td>
<td>1695.25</td>
<td>339050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1609.53</td>
<td>321906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1707.5</td>
<td>341500</td>
<td>1704.17</td>
<td>340834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1995.39</td>
<td>399078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4995</td>
<td>399630</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1982.03</td>
<td>396406</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5006</td>
<td>400570</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2012.5</td>
<td>402500</td>
<td>1914.67</td>
<td>382934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5020</td>
<td>401570</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1697.5</td>
<td>339500</td>
<td>1695.25</td>
<td>339050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1609.53</td>
<td>321906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1707.5</td>
<td>341500</td>
<td>1704.17</td>
<td>340834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1995.46</td>
<td>399092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4996</td>
<td>399650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1979.6</td>
<td>395920</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5000</td>
<td>400090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2010</td>
<td>402000</td>
<td>1909.74</td>
<td>381948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5007</td>
<td>400590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1697.5</td>
<td>339500</td>
<td>1695.25</td>
<td>339050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1607.03</td>
<td>321406</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1699.17</td>
<td>339834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1995.53</td>
<td>399106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4994</td>
<td>399610</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1697.5</td>
<td>339500</td>
<td>1695.25</td>
<td>339050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2000</td>
<td>400000</td>
<td>1995.32</td>
<td>399064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4994</td>
<td>399610</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1979.46</td>
<td>395892</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5001</td>
<td>400110</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1909.6</td>
<td>381920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5008</td>
<td>400610</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1695.32</td>
<td>339064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1607.1</td>
<td>321420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1705</td>
<td>341000</td>
<td>1699.24</td>
<td>339848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1995.39</td>
<td>399078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4995</td>
<td>399630</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1979.53</td>
<td>395906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5002</td>
<td>400130</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1909.67</td>
<td>381934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5006</td>
<td>400570</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1695.32</td>
<td>339064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1607.1</td>
<td>321420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1705</td>
<td>341000</td>
<td>1699.24</td>
<td>339848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1995.46</td>
<td>399092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4996</td>
<td>399650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1979.6</td>
<td>395920</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5000</td>
<td>400090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2010</td>
<td>402000</td>
<td>1909.74</td>
<td>381948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5007</td>
<td>400590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1695.32</td>
<td>339064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1607.1</td>
<td>321420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1705</td>
<td>341000</td>
<td>1699.24</td>
<td>339848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1995.53</td>
<td>399106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4994</td>
<td>399610</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1695.32</td>
<td>339064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1995.39</td>
<td>399078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4995</td>
<td>399630</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1695.39</td>
<td>339078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1995.46</td>
<td>399092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4996</td>
<td>399650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1695.39</td>
<td>339078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1995.53</td>
<td>399106</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4994</td>
<td>399610</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1695.39</td>
<td>339078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 5/25 MHz, 10/25 MHz, 15/15 MHz, 15/20 MHz and 15/25 MHz UL/DL Bandwidth combination is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.70-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n70 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>UL/DLBandwidth</p>
<p>combination</p></th>
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2000</td>
<td>400000</td>
<td>1995.68</td>
<td>399136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5000</td>
<td>400090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1961.46</td>
<td>392292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5007</td>
<td>400590</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1819.24</td>
<td>363848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5014</td>
<td>401090</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1695.68</td>
<td>339136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1516.74</td>
<td>303348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1705</td>
<td>341000</td>
<td>1698.52</td>
<td>339704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1995.66</td>
<td>399132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4998</td>
<td>399870</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1961.44</td>
<td>392288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5005</td>
<td>400370</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1819.22</td>
<td>363844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5012</td>
<td>401050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1695.68</td>
<td>339136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1516.74</td>
<td>303348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1705</td>
<td>341000</td>
<td>1698.52</td>
<td>339704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1995.82</td>
<td>399164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4999</td>
<td>399890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1961.6</td>
<td>392320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5006</td>
<td>400570</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2010</td>
<td>402000</td>
<td>1819.38</td>
<td>363876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5013</td>
<td>401070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1695.68</td>
<td>339136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1516.74</td>
<td>303348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1705</td>
<td>341000</td>
<td>1698.52</td>
<td>339704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1995.8</td>
<td>399160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5000</td>
<td>400090</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1695.68</td>
<td>339136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1995.66</td>
<td>399132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4998</td>
<td>399870</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1695.66</td>
<td>339132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1995.82</td>
<td>399164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4999</td>
<td>399890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1695.66</td>
<td>339132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1995.8</td>
<td>399160</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5000</td>
<td>400090</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1695.66</td>
<td>339132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1 in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 10/25 MHz, 15/15 MHz, 15/20 MHz and 15/25 MHz UL/DL Bandwidth combination is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.70-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n70 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>UL/DLBandwidth</p>
<p>combination</p></th>
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2000</td>
<td>400000</td>
<td>1996.04</td>
<td>399208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>399568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1925.1</td>
<td>385020</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>400068</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1638.16</td>
<td>327632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>400568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1696.04</td>
<td>339208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1335.66</td>
<td>267132</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1705</td>
<td>341000</td>
<td>1696.72</td>
<td>339344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1996.02</td>
<td>399204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>399564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1925.08</td>
<td>385016</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>400064</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1638.14</td>
<td>327628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>400564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1696.04</td>
<td>339208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1335.66</td>
<td>267132</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1705</td>
<td>341000</td>
<td>1696.72</td>
<td>339344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1996.36</td>
<td>399272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>399632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1925.42</td>
<td>385084</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>400132</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2010</td>
<td>402000</td>
<td>1638.48</td>
<td>327696</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>400632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1696.04</td>
<td>339208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1335.66</td>
<td>267132</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1705</td>
<td>341000</td>
<td>1696.72</td>
<td>339344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1996.34</td>
<td>399268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>399628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1700</td>
<td>340000</td>
<td>1696.04</td>
<td>339208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2002.5</td>
<td>400500</td>
<td>1996.02</td>
<td>399204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>399564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1696.02</td>
<td>339204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2005</td>
<td>401000</td>
<td>1996.36</td>
<td>399272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>399632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1696.02</td>
<td>339204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2007.5</td>
<td>401500</td>
<td>1996.34</td>
<td>399268</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>399628</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1702.5</td>
<td>340500</td>
<td>1696.02</td>
<td>339204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 2: 10/25 MHz, 15/15 MHz, 15/20 MHz and 15/25 MHz UL/DL Bandwidth combination is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.71 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n71

Table 4.3.1.1.1.71-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n71 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>619.5</td>
<td>123900</td>
<td>617.25</td>
<td>123450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1548</td>
<td>123870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>613.89</td>
<td>122778</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1587</td>
<td>126990</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>649.5</td>
<td>129900</td>
<td>556.53</td>
<td>111306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1623</td>
<td>129870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>665.5</td>
<td>133100</td>
<td>663.25</td>
<td>132650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>587.53</td>
<td>117506</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>695.5</td>
<td>139100</td>
<td>692.17</td>
<td>138434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>622</td>
<td>124400</td>
<td>617.32</td>
<td>123464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1549</td>
<td>123890</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>611.46</td>
<td>122292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1581</td>
<td>126510</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>647</td>
<td>129400</td>
<td>551.6</td>
<td>110320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1610</td>
<td>128890</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>665.5</td>
<td>133100</td>
<td>663.25</td>
<td>132650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>678</td>
<td>135600</td>
<td>585.03</td>
<td>117006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>690.5</td>
<td>138100</td>
<td>687.17</td>
<td>137434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>622</td>
<td>124400</td>
<td>617.32</td>
<td>123464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1549</td>
<td>123890</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>611.46</td>
<td>122292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1581</td>
<td>126510</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>647</td>
<td>129400</td>
<td>551.6</td>
<td>110320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1610</td>
<td>128890</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>668</td>
<td>133600</td>
<td>663.32</td>
<td>132664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>585.1</td>
<td>117020</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>138600</td>
<td>687.24</td>
<td>137448</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>624.5</td>
<td>124900</td>
<td>617.39</td>
<td>123478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1547</td>
<td>123850</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>609.03</td>
<td>121806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1575</td>
<td>126030</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>644.5</td>
<td>128900</td>
<td>546.67</td>
<td>109334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1600</td>
<td>127970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>668</td>
<td>133600</td>
<td>663.32</td>
<td>132664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>678</td>
<td>135600</td>
<td>582.6</td>
<td>116520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>688</td>
<td>137600</td>
<td>682.24</td>
<td>136448</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>624.5</td>
<td>124900</td>
<td>617.39</td>
<td>123478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1547</td>
<td>123850</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>609.03</td>
<td>121806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1575</td>
<td>126030</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>644.5</td>
<td>128900</td>
<td>546.67</td>
<td>109334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1600</td>
<td>127970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>670.5</td>
<td>134100</td>
<td>663.39</td>
<td>132678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>582.67</td>
<td>116534</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>690.5</td>
<td>138100</td>
<td>682.31</td>
<td>136462</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>627</td>
<td>125400</td>
<td>617.46</td>
<td>123492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1548</td>
<td>123870</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>606.6</td>
<td>121320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1569</td>
<td>125550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>642</td>
<td>128400</td>
<td>541.74</td>
<td>108348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1587</td>
<td>126990</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>670.5</td>
<td>134100</td>
<td>663.39</td>
<td>132678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>678</td>
<td>135600</td>
<td>580.17</td>
<td>116034</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>685.5</td>
<td>137100</td>
<td>677.31</td>
<td>135462</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>627</td>
<td>125400</td>
<td>617.46</td>
<td>123492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1548</td>
<td>123870</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>606.6</td>
<td>121320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1569</td>
<td>125550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>642</td>
<td>128400</td>
<td>541.74</td>
<td>108348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1587</td>
<td>126990</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>673</td>
<td>134600</td>
<td>663.46</td>
<td>132692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>580.24</td>
<td>116048</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>688</td>
<td>137600</td>
<td>677.38</td>
<td>135476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>629.5</td>
<td>125900</td>
<td>617.53</td>
<td>123506</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1549</td>
<td>123890</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>604.17</td>
<td>120834</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1563</td>
<td>125070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>639.5</td>
<td>127900</td>
<td>536.81</td>
<td>107362</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1574</td>
<td>126010</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>675.5</td>
<td>135100</td>
<td>665.96</td>
<td>133192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>580.24</td>
<td>116048</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>685.5</td>
<td>137100</td>
<td>674.88</td>
<td>134976</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>617.6</td>
<td>123520</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1550</td>
<td>124090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>601.74</td>
<td>120348</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1557</td>
<td>124590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>637</td>
<td>127400</td>
<td>531.88</td>
<td>106376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1564</td>
<td>125090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>678</td>
<td>135600</td>
<td>668.46</td>
<td>133692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>580.24</td>
<td>116048</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>672.38</td>
<td>134476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/35</td>
<td>188</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>617.58</td>
<td>123516</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1551</td>
<td>124110</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>670.96</td>
<td>134192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 20/35 MHz UL/DL Bandwidth combination is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.71-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n71 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>622</td>
<td>124400</td>
<td>617.68</td>
<td>123536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1555</td>
<td>124370</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>593.46</td>
<td>118692</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1587</td>
<td>126990</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>647</td>
<td>129400</td>
<td>461.24</td>
<td>92248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1616</td>
<td>129370</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>668</td>
<td>133600</td>
<td>663.68</td>
<td>132736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>494.74</td>
<td>98948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>138600</td>
<td>686.52</td>
<td>137304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>624.5</td>
<td>124900</td>
<td>617.66</td>
<td>123532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1553</td>
<td>124330</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>590.94</td>
<td>118188</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1578</td>
<td>126270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>644.5</td>
<td>128900</td>
<td>456.22</td>
<td>91244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1606</td>
<td>128450</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>668</td>
<td>133600</td>
<td>663.68</td>
<td>132736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>678</td>
<td>135600</td>
<td>492.24</td>
<td>98448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>688</td>
<td>137600</td>
<td>681.52</td>
<td>136304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>624.5</td>
<td>124900</td>
<td>617.66</td>
<td>123532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1553</td>
<td>124330</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>590.94</td>
<td>118188</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1578</td>
<td>126270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>644.5</td>
<td>128900</td>
<td>456.22</td>
<td>91244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1606</td>
<td>128450</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>670.5</td>
<td>134100</td>
<td>663.66</td>
<td>132732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>492.22</td>
<td>98444</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>690.5</td>
<td>138100</td>
<td>681.5</td>
<td>136300</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>627</td>
<td>125400</td>
<td>617.82</td>
<td>123564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1554</td>
<td>124350</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>588.6</td>
<td>117720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1572</td>
<td>125790</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>642</td>
<td>128400</td>
<td>451.38</td>
<td>90276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1593</td>
<td>127470</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>670.5</td>
<td>134100</td>
<td>663.66</td>
<td>132732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>678</td>
<td>135600</td>
<td>489.72</td>
<td>97944</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>685.5</td>
<td>137100</td>
<td>676.5</td>
<td>135300</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>627</td>
<td>125400</td>
<td>617.82</td>
<td>123564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1554</td>
<td>124350</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>588.6</td>
<td>117720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1572</td>
<td>125790</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>642</td>
<td>128400</td>
<td>451.38</td>
<td>90276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1593</td>
<td>127470</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>673</td>
<td>134600</td>
<td>663.82</td>
<td>132764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>489.88</td>
<td>97976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>688</td>
<td>137600</td>
<td>676.66</td>
<td>135332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>629.5</td>
<td>125900</td>
<td>617.8</td>
<td>123560</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1555</td>
<td>124370</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>586.08</td>
<td>117216</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1566</td>
<td>125310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>639.5</td>
<td>127900</td>
<td>446.36</td>
<td>89272</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1580</td>
<td>126490</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>675.5</td>
<td>135100</td>
<td>666.32</td>
<td>133264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>489.88</td>
<td>97976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>685.5</td>
<td>137100</td>
<td>674.16</td>
<td>134832</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>617.96</td>
<td>123592</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1553</td>
<td>124330</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>583.74</td>
<td>116748</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1560</td>
<td>124830</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>637</td>
<td>127400</td>
<td>441.52</td>
<td>88304</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1567</td>
<td>125330</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>678</td>
<td>135600</td>
<td>668.82</td>
<td>133764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>489.88</td>
<td>97976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>671.66</td>
<td>134332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/35</td>
<td>92</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>617.94</td>
<td>123588</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1554</td>
<td>124350</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>680.5</td>
<td>136100</td>
<td>671.32</td>
<td>134264</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: 20/35 MHz UL/DL Bandwidth combination is tested with Low range test frequency only. Low range test frequency shall be used instead of Mid range and High range test frequencies.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.72 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n72

Table 4.3.1.1.1.72-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n72 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>462.5</td>
<td>92500</td>
<td>461.15</td>
<td>92230</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>28947</td>
<td>92470</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>463.5</td>
<td>92700</td>
<td>443.79</td>
<td>88758</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>28954</td>
<td>92730</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>464.5</td>
<td>92900</td>
<td>372.43</td>
<td>74486</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>28958</td>
<td>92870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>452.5</td>
<td>90500</td>
<td>451.15</td>
<td>90230</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>453.5</td>
<td>90700</td>
<td>361.43</td>
<td>72286</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>454.5</td>
<td>90900</td>
<td>452.07</td>
<td>90414</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>463.5</td>
<td>92700</td>
<td>461.25</td>
<td>92250</td>
<td>102</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1158</td>
<td>92670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>453.5</td>
<td>90700</td>
<td>451.25</td>
<td>90250</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-0 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth 3 MHz or 5 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth larger than 3 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.73 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.74 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n74

Table 4.3.1.1.1.74-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n74 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1477.5</td>
<td>295500</td>
<td>1475.25</td>
<td>295050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3693</td>
<td>295470</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1496.5</td>
<td>299300</td>
<td>1475.89</td>
<td>295178</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3742</td>
<td>299330</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1515.5</td>
<td>303100</td>
<td>1422.53</td>
<td>284506</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3788</td>
<td>303130</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1429.5</td>
<td>285900</td>
<td>1427.25</td>
<td>285450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1448.5</td>
<td>289700</td>
<td>1355.53</td>
<td>271106</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1467.5</td>
<td>293500</td>
<td>1464.17</td>
<td>292834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1480</td>
<td>296000</td>
<td>1475.32</td>
<td>295064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3694</td>
<td>295490</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1496.5</td>
<td>299300</td>
<td>1473.46</td>
<td>294692</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3736</td>
<td>298850</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1513</td>
<td>302600</td>
<td>1417.6</td>
<td>283520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3778</td>
<td>302210</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1432</td>
<td>286400</td>
<td>1427.32</td>
<td>285464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1448.5</td>
<td>289700</td>
<td>1353.1</td>
<td>270620</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1465</td>
<td>293000</td>
<td>1459.24</td>
<td>291848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1482.5</td>
<td>296500</td>
<td>1475.39</td>
<td>295078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3692</td>
<td>295450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1496.5</td>
<td>299300</td>
<td>1471.03</td>
<td>294206</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3730</td>
<td>298370</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1510.5</td>
<td>302100</td>
<td>1412.67</td>
<td>282534</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3765</td>
<td>301230</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1434.5</td>
<td>286900</td>
<td>1427.39</td>
<td>285478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1448.5</td>
<td>289700</td>
<td>1350.67</td>
<td>270134</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1462.5</td>
<td>292500</td>
<td>1454.31</td>
<td>290862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1485</td>
<td>297000</td>
<td>1475.46</td>
<td>295092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3693</td>
<td>295470</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1496.5</td>
<td>299300</td>
<td>1468.6</td>
<td>293720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3724</td>
<td>297890</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1508</td>
<td>301600</td>
<td>1407.74</td>
<td>281548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3752</td>
<td>300250</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1427.46</td>
<td>285492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1448.5</td>
<td>289700</td>
<td>1348.24</td>
<td>269648</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1460</td>
<td>292000</td>
<td>1449.38</td>
<td>289876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.74-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n74 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1480</td>
<td>296000</td>
<td>1475.68</td>
<td>295136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3700</td>
<td>295970</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1496.5</td>
<td>299300</td>
<td>1455.46</td>
<td>291092</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3742</td>
<td>299330</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1513</td>
<td>302600</td>
<td>1327.24</td>
<td>265448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3784</td>
<td>302690</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1432</td>
<td>286400</td>
<td>1427.68</td>
<td>285536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1448.5</td>
<td>289700</td>
<td>1262.74</td>
<td>252548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1465</td>
<td>293000</td>
<td>1458.52</td>
<td>291704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1482.5</td>
<td>296500</td>
<td>1475.66</td>
<td>295132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3698</td>
<td>295930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1496.5</td>
<td>299300</td>
<td>1452.94</td>
<td>290588</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3736</td>
<td>298850</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1510.5</td>
<td>302100</td>
<td>1322.22</td>
<td>264444</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3768</td>
<td>301470</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1434.5</td>
<td>286900</td>
<td>1427.66</td>
<td>285532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1448.5</td>
<td>289700</td>
<td>1260.22</td>
<td>252044</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1462.5</td>
<td>292500</td>
<td>1453.5</td>
<td>290700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1485</td>
<td>297000</td>
<td>1475.82</td>
<td>295164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3699</td>
<td>295950</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1496.5</td>
<td>299300</td>
<td>1450.6</td>
<td>290120</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3730</td>
<td>298370</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1508</td>
<td>301600</td>
<td>1317.38</td>
<td>263476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3755</td>
<td>300490</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1427.82</td>
<td>285564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1448.5</td>
<td>289700</td>
<td>1257.88</td>
<td>251576</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1460</td>
<td>292000</td>
<td>1448.66</td>
<td>289732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1 in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.74-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n74 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1480</td>
<td>296000</td>
<td>1476.04</td>
<td>295208</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>295568</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1496.5</td>
<td>299300</td>
<td>1419.1</td>
<td>283820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>298868</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1513</td>
<td>302600</td>
<td>1146.16</td>
<td>229232</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>302168</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1432</td>
<td>286400</td>
<td>1428.04</td>
<td>285608</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1448.5</td>
<td>289700</td>
<td>1081.66</td>
<td>216332</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1465</td>
<td>293000</td>
<td>1456.72</td>
<td>291344</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1482.5</td>
<td>296500</td>
<td>1476.02</td>
<td>295204</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>295564</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1496.5</td>
<td>299300</td>
<td>1416.58</td>
<td>283316</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>298364</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1510.5</td>
<td>302100</td>
<td>1141.14</td>
<td>228228</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>301164</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1434.5</td>
<td>286900</td>
<td>1428.02</td>
<td>285604</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1448.5</td>
<td>289700</td>
<td>1079.14</td>
<td>215828</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1462.5</td>
<td>292500</td>
<td>1451.7</td>
<td>290340</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1485</td>
<td>297000</td>
<td>1476.36</td>
<td>295272</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>295632</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1496.5</td>
<td>299300</td>
<td>1414.42</td>
<td>282884</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>297932</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1508</td>
<td>301600</td>
<td>1136.48</td>
<td>227296</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>300232</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1428.36</td>
<td>285672</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1448.5</td>
<td>289700</td>
<td>1076.98</td>
<td>215396</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1460</td>
<td>292000</td>
<td>1447.04</td>
<td>289408</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.75 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n75 (SDL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.75-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n75 and SCS
15 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1434.5</td>
<td>286900</td>
<td>1432.25</td>
<td>286450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>286810</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1453.89</td>
<td>290778</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>294810</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1514.5</td>
<td>302900</td>
<td>1421.53</td>
<td>284306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>302810</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.32</td>
<td>286464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>286824</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1451.46</td>
<td>290292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>294324</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1416.6</td>
<td>283320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>301824</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.39</td>
<td>286478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>286838</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1449.03</td>
<td>289806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>293838</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1411.67</td>
<td>282334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>300838</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>286852</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>293352</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>299852</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.75-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n75 and SCS
30 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.68</td>
<td>286536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>286896</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1433.46</td>
<td>286692</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>294396</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1326.24</td>
<td>265248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>301896</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.66</td>
<td>286532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>286892</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1430.94</td>
<td>286188</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>293892</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1321.22</td>
<td>264244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>300892</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.82</td>
<td>286564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>286924</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1428.6</td>
<td>285720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>293424</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1316.38</td>
<td>263276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>299924</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.75-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n75 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1433.04</td>
<td>286608</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>286968</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1397.1</td>
<td>279420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>294468</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1145.16</td>
<td>229032</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>301968</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1433.02</td>
<td>286604</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>286964</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1394.58</td>
<td>278916</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>293964</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1140.14</td>
<td>228028</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>300964</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1433.36</td>
<td>286672</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>287032</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1392.42</td>
<td>278484</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>293532</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1135.48</td>
<td>227096</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>300032</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.76 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n76 (SDL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.76-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n76 and SCS
15 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Bandwidth [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low, Mid, High</td>
<td>1429.5</td>
<td>285900</td>
<td>1427.25</td>
<td>285450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>285810</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.77 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n77

Table 4.3.1.1.1.77-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n77, SCS 15
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3305.01</td>
<td>620334</td>
<td>3300.33</td>
<td>620022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3726.96</td>
<td>648464</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8020</td>
<td>650016</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>109</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4099.59</td>
<td>673306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3307.5</td>
<td>620500</td>
<td>3300.39</td>
<td>620026</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3724.53</td>
<td>648302</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8018</td>
<td>649824</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4192.5</td>
<td>679500</td>
<td>4094.67</td>
<td>672978</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8325</td>
<td>679296</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3310.02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.48</td>
<td>620032</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3722.1</td>
<td>648140</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4189.98</td>
<td>679332</td>
<td>4089.72</td>
<td>672648</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8322</td>
<td>679008</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3312.51</td>
<td>620834</td>
<td>3300.54</td>
<td>620036</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3719.67</td>
<td>647978</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8015</td>
<td>649536</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>109</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4187.49</td>
<td>679166</td>
<td>4084.8</td>
<td>672320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8319</td>
<td>678720</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3315</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3300.6</td>
<td>620040</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3717.24</td>
<td>647816</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8013</td>
<td>649344</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4185</td>
<td>679000</td>
<td>4079.88</td>
<td>671992</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8315</td>
<td>678336</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.57</td>
<td>620038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3712.2</td>
<td>647480</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8010</td>
<td>649056</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>111</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4179.99</td>
<td>678666</td>
<td>4069.83</td>
<td>671322</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8308</td>
<td>677664</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3707.34</td>
<td>647156</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8006</td>
<td>648672</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4174.98</td>
<td>678332</td>
<td>4059.96</td>
<td>670664</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8301</td>
<td>676992</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-3 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.77-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n77, SCS 30
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3305.01</td>
<td>620334</td>
<td>3300.69</td>
<td>620046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3708.96</td>
<td>647264</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8020</td>
<td>650016</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4009.23</td>
<td>667282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3307.5</td>
<td>620500</td>
<td>3300.66</td>
<td>620044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3706.44</td>
<td>647096</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8018</td>
<td>649824</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4192.5</td>
<td>679500</td>
<td>4004.22</td>
<td>666948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8325</td>
<td>679296</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3310.02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3704.1</td>
<td>646940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4189.98</td>
<td>679332</td>
<td>3999.36</td>
<td>666624</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8322</td>
<td>679008</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3312.51</td>
<td>620834</td>
<td>3300.81</td>
<td>620054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3701.58</td>
<td>646772</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8015</td>
<td>649536</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4187.49</td>
<td>679166</td>
<td>3994.35</td>
<td>666290</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8319</td>
<td>678720</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3315</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3699.24</td>
<td>646616</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8013</td>
<td>649344</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4185</td>
<td>679000</td>
<td>3989.52</td>
<td>665968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8315</td>
<td>678336</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.93</td>
<td>620062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3694.2</td>
<td>646280</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8010</td>
<td>649056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4179.99</td>
<td>678666</td>
<td>3979.47</td>
<td>665298</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8308</td>
<td>677664</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301.08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3689.34</td>
<td>645956</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8006</td>
<td>648672</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4174.98</td>
<td>678332</td>
<td>3969.6</td>
<td>664640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8301</td>
<td>676992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3684.12</td>
<td>645608</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8003</td>
<td>648384</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4170</td>
<td>678000</td>
<td>3959.4</td>
<td>663960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8294</td>
<td>676320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3335.01</td>
<td>622334</td>
<td>3300.99</td>
<td>620066</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3679.26</td>
<td>645284</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7999</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4164.99</td>
<td>677666</td>
<td>3949.53</td>
<td>663302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8287</td>
<td>675648</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3674.22</td>
<td>644948</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7996</td>
<td>647712</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4159.98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939.48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3345</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3300.9</td>
<td>620060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3669.18</td>
<td>644612</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7992</td>
<td>647328</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929.46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3664.14</td>
<td>644276</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149.99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919.41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.77-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n77, SCS 60
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 30 kHz without CORESET\#0

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3305.01</td>
<td>620334</td>
<td>3301.05</td>
<td>620070</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620310</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3672.6</td>
<td>644840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>649976</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>3828.15</td>
<td>655210</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>679642</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3307.5</td>
<td>620500</td>
<td>3301.02</td>
<td>620068</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620308</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3670.08</td>
<td>644672</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>649808</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4192.5</td>
<td>679500</td>
<td>3823.14</td>
<td>654876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>679308</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3310.02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3301.38</td>
<td>620092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620332</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3667.92</td>
<td>644528</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>649664</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4189.98</td>
<td>679332</td>
<td>3818.46</td>
<td>654564</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>678996</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3312.51</td>
<td>620834</td>
<td>3301.35</td>
<td>620090</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620330</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3665.4</td>
<td>644360</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>649496</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4187.49</td>
<td>679166</td>
<td>3813.45</td>
<td>654230</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>678662</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3315</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3301.32</td>
<td>620088</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620328</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3662.88</td>
<td>644192</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>649328</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4185</td>
<td>679000</td>
<td>3808.44</td>
<td>653896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>678328</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3301.65</td>
<td>620110</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620350</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3658.2</td>
<td>643880</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>649016</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4179.99</td>
<td>678666</td>
<td>3798.75</td>
<td>653250</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>677682</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301.62</td>
<td>620108</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620348</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3653.16</td>
<td>643544</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>648680</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4174.98</td>
<td>678332</td>
<td>3788.7</td>
<td>652580</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>677012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3301.56</td>
<td>620104</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620344</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3648.12</td>
<td>643208</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>648344</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4170</td>
<td>678000</td>
<td>3778.68</td>
<td>651912</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>676344</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70</td>
<td>93</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3335.01</td>
<td>622334</td>
<td>3301.53</td>
<td>620102</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620342</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3643.08</td>
<td>642872</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>648008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4164.99</td>
<td>677666</td>
<td>3768.63</td>
<td>651242</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>675674</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80</td>
<td>107</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3301.5</td>
<td>620100</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620340</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3638.04</td>
<td>642536</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>647672</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4159.98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3758.58</td>
<td>650572</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>675004</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90</td>
<td>121</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3345</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3301.44</td>
<td>620096</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620336</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3633</td>
<td>642200</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>647336</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3748.56</td>
<td>649904</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>674336</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100</td>
<td>135</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3301.41</td>
<td>620094</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620334</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3627.96</td>
<td>641864</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>647000</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149.99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3738.51</td>
<td>649234</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>673666</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.78 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n78

Table 4.3.1.1.1.78-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n78, SCS 15
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3305.01</td>
<td>620334</td>
<td>3300.33</td>
<td>620022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3526.95</td>
<td>635130</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7881</td>
<td>636672</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>108</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3795</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3699.6</td>
<td>646640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3307.5</td>
<td>620500</td>
<td>3300.39</td>
<td>620026</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3524.52</td>
<td>634968</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7879</td>
<td>636480</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3792.48</td>
<td>652832</td>
<td>3694.65</td>
<td>646310</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8048</td>
<td>652704</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>512</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3310.02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.48</td>
<td>620032</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3522.09</td>
<td>634806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7878</td>
<td>636384</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>111</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3789.99</td>
<td>652666</td>
<td>3689.73</td>
<td>645982</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8044</td>
<td>652320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3312.51</td>
<td>620834</td>
<td>3300.54</td>
<td>620036</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3519.66</td>
<td>634644</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7876</td>
<td>636192</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>109</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3787.5</td>
<td>652500</td>
<td>3684.81</td>
<td>645654</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8041</td>
<td>652032</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3315</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3300.6</td>
<td>620040</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3517.23</td>
<td>634482</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7874</td>
<td>636000</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3784.98</td>
<td>652332</td>
<td>3679.86</td>
<td>645324</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8037</td>
<td>651648</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.57</td>
<td>620038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3512.19</td>
<td>634146</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7871</td>
<td>635712</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>110</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3780</td>
<td>652000</td>
<td>3669.84</td>
<td>644656</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8030</td>
<td>650976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3507.33</td>
<td>633822</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7867</td>
<td>635328</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3774.99</td>
<td>651666</td>
<td>3659.97</td>
<td>643998</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8024</td>
<td>650400</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-3 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.78-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n78, SCS 30
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3305.01</td>
<td>620334</td>
<td>3300.69</td>
<td>620046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3508.95</td>
<td>633930</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7881</td>
<td>636672</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3795</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3609.24</td>
<td>640616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3307.5</td>
<td>620500</td>
<td>3300.66</td>
<td>620044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3506.43</td>
<td>633762</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7879</td>
<td>636480</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3792.48</td>
<td>652832</td>
<td>3604.2</td>
<td>640280</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8048</td>
<td>652704</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3310.02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3504.09</td>
<td>633606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7878</td>
<td>636384</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3789.99</td>
<td>652666</td>
<td>3599.37</td>
<td>639958</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8044</td>
<td>652320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3312.51</td>
<td>620834</td>
<td>3300.81</td>
<td>620054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3501.57</td>
<td>633438</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7876</td>
<td>636192</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3787.5</td>
<td>652500</td>
<td>3594.36</td>
<td>639624</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8041</td>
<td>652032</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3315</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3499.23</td>
<td>633282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7874</td>
<td>636000</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3784.98</td>
<td>652332</td>
<td>3589.5</td>
<td>639300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8037</td>
<td>651648</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.93</td>
<td>620062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3494.19</td>
<td>632946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7871</td>
<td>635712</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3780</td>
<td>652000</td>
<td>3579.48</td>
<td>638632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8030</td>
<td>650976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301.08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3489.33</td>
<td>632622</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7867</td>
<td>635328</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3774.99</td>
<td>651666</td>
<td>3569.61</td>
<td>637974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8024</td>
<td>650400</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3484.11</td>
<td>632274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7864</td>
<td>635040</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3769.98</td>
<td>651332</td>
<td>3559.38</td>
<td>637292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3335.01</td>
<td>622334</td>
<td>3300.99</td>
<td>620066</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3479.25</td>
<td>631950</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7860</td>
<td>634656</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3765</td>
<td>651000</td>
<td>3549.54</td>
<td>636636</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8010</td>
<td>649056</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3474.21</td>
<td>631614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7857</td>
<td>634368</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3759.99</td>
<td>650666</td>
<td>3539.49</td>
<td>635966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8003</td>
<td>648384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3345</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3300.9</td>
<td>620060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3469.17</td>
<td>631278</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7853</td>
<td>633984</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3754.98</td>
<td>650332</td>
<td>3529.44</td>
<td>635296</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7996</td>
<td>647712</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3464.13</td>
<td>630942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7850</td>
<td>633696</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3519.42</td>
<td>634628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.78-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n78, SCS 60
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 30 kHz without CORESET\#0.

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3305.01</td>
<td>620334</td>
<td>3301.05</td>
<td>620070</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620310</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3472.59</td>
<td>631506</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>636642</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3795</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3428.16</td>
<td>628544</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>652976</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3307.5</td>
<td>620500</td>
<td>3301.02</td>
<td>620068</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620308</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3470.07</td>
<td>631338</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>636474</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3792.48</td>
<td>652832</td>
<td>3423.12</td>
<td>628208</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>652640</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3310.02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3301.38</td>
<td>620092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620332</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3467.91</td>
<td>631194</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>636330</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3789.99</td>
<td>652666</td>
<td>3418.47</td>
<td>627898</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>652330</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3312.51</td>
<td>620834</td>
<td>3301.35</td>
<td>620090</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620330</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3465.39</td>
<td>631026</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>636162</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3787.5</td>
<td>652500</td>
<td>3413.46</td>
<td>627564</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>651996</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3315</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3301.32</td>
<td>620088</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620328</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3462.87</td>
<td>630858</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>635994</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3784.98</td>
<td>652332</td>
<td>3408.42</td>
<td>627228</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>651660</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3301.65</td>
<td>620110</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620350</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3458.19</td>
<td>630546</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>635682</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3780</td>
<td>652000</td>
<td>3398.76</td>
<td>626584</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>651016</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301.62</td>
<td>620108</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620348</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3453.15</td>
<td>630210</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>635346</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3774.99</td>
<td>651666</td>
<td>3388.71</td>
<td>625914</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>650346</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3301.56</td>
<td>620104</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620344</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3448.11</td>
<td>629874</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>635010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3769.98</td>
<td>651332</td>
<td>3378.66</td>
<td>625244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>649676</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70</td>
<td>93</td>
<td><p>Downlink&amp;</p>
<p>Uplink</p></td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3335.01</td>
<td>622334</td>
<td>3301.53</td>
<td>620102</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>620342</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3443.07</td>
<td>629538</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>634674</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3765</td>
<td>651000</td>
<td>3368.64</td>
<td>624576</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>649008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80</td>
<td>107</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3301.5</td>
<td>620100</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620340</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3438.03</td>
<td>629202</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>634338</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3759.99</td>
<td>650666</td>
<td>3358.59</td>
<td>623906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>648338</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90</td>
<td>121</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3345</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3301.44</td>
<td>620096</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620336</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3432.99</td>
<td>628866</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>634002</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3754.98</td>
<td>650332</td>
<td>3348.54</td>
<td>623236</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>647668</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100</td>
<td>135</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3301.41</td>
<td>620094</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>620334</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3549.99</td>
<td>636666</td>
<td>3427.95</td>
<td>628530</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>633666</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3338.52</td>
<td>622568</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>647000</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.79 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n79

Table 4.3.1.1.1.79-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n79, SCS 15
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4405.02</td>
<td>693668</td>
<td>4400.34</td>
<td>693356</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8475</td>
<td>693696</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid (Note 4)</td>
<td>4700.13</td>
<td>713342</td>
<td>4677.09</td>
<td>711806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8680</td>
<td>713376</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>110</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High (Note 4)</td>
<td>4994.76</td>
<td>732984</td>
<td>4899.36</td>
<td>726624</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8884</td>
<td>732960</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4410</td>
<td>694000</td>
<td>4400.46</td>
<td>693364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8475</td>
<td>693696</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4699.98</td>
<td>713332</td>
<td>4672.08</td>
<td>711472</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8676</td>
<td>712992</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4989.99</td>
<td>732666</td>
<td>4889.73</td>
<td>725982</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8878</td>
<td>732384</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4420.02</td>
<td>694668</td>
<td>4400.58</td>
<td>693372</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>43</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>47</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4699.98</td>
<td>713332</td>
<td>4662.18</td>
<td>710812</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8672</td>
<td>712608</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>129</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4980</td>
<td>732000</td>
<td>4869.84</td>
<td>724656</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>512</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4425</td>
<td>695000</td>
<td>4400.7</td>
<td>693380</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>42</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>46</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4699.98</td>
<td>713332</td>
<td>4657.32</td>
<td>710488</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8672</td>
<td>712608</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>156</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4974.99</td>
<td>731666</td>
<td>4859.97</td>
<td>723998</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>58</td>
<td>0 (4)</td>
<td>566</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-5 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: The High range frequency can’t cover the two RBs at the right edge of band due to the limit of GSCN range in TS 38.101-1 table 5.4.3.3-1.</p>
<p>Note 4: This frequency is obtained applying certain exceptions over general rules defined in annex C.3.2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.79-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n79, SCS 30
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low (Note 3)</td>
<td>4405.83</td>
<td>693722</td>
<td>4401.51</td>
<td>693434</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8475</td>
<td>693696</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4699.92</td>
<td>713328</td>
<td>4658.88</td>
<td>710592</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8679</td>
<td>713280</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4995</td>
<td>733000</td>
<td>4809.24</td>
<td>720616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8884</td>
<td>732960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4410</td>
<td>694000</td>
<td>4400.82</td>
<td>693388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8475</td>
<td>693696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4654.11</td>
<td>710274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8676</td>
<td>712992</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4989.99</td>
<td>732666</td>
<td>4799.37</td>
<td>719958</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8878</td>
<td>732384</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4420.02</td>
<td>694668</td>
<td>4400.94</td>
<td>693396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4644.21</td>
<td>709614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8672</td>
<td>712608</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>228</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4980</td>
<td>732000</td>
<td>4779.48</td>
<td>718632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4425</td>
<td>695000</td>
<td>4401.06</td>
<td>693404</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4639.35</td>
<td>709290</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8672</td>
<td>712608</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>256</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4974.99</td>
<td>731666</td>
<td>4769.61</td>
<td>717974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1068</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4430.01</td>
<td>695334</td>
<td>4400.85</td>
<td>693390</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4634.13</td>
<td>708942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8672</td>
<td>712608</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>36</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>284</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4969.98</td>
<td>731332</td>
<td>4759.38</td>
<td>717292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>54</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1124</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4440</td>
<td>696000</td>
<td>4400.94</td>
<td>693396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4624.23</td>
<td>708282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8656</td>
<td>711072</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>212</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4959.99</td>
<td>730666</td>
<td>4739.49</td>
<td>715966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8848</td>
<td>729504</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>46</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1108</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4450.02</td>
<td>696668</td>
<td>4400.88</td>
<td>693392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4614.15</td>
<td>707610</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8656</td>
<td>711072</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>28</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>268</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4950</td>
<td>730000</td>
<td>4719.42</td>
<td>714628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8832</td>
<td>727968</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>37</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1090</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-6 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: This frequency is obtained applying certain exceptions over general rules defined in annex C.3.2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.79-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n79, SCS 60
kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 30 kHz without CORESET\#0.

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4405.02</td>
<td>693668</td>
<td>4401.06</td>
<td>693404</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>693644</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4622.61</td>
<td>708174</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>713310</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4995</td>
<td>733000</td>
<td>4628.16</td>
<td>708544</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>732976</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4410</td>
<td>694000</td>
<td>4401.36</td>
<td>693424</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>693664</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4617.93</td>
<td>707862</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>712998</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4989.99</td>
<td>732666</td>
<td>4618.47</td>
<td>707898</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>732330</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4420.02</td>
<td>694668</td>
<td>4401.66</td>
<td>693444</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>693684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4608.21</td>
<td>707214</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>712350</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4980</td>
<td>732000</td>
<td>4598.76</td>
<td>706584</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>731016</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4425</td>
<td>695000</td>
<td>4401.6</td>
<td>693440</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>693680</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4603.17</td>
<td>706878</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>712014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4974.99</td>
<td>731666</td>
<td>4588.71</td>
<td>705914</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>730346</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4430.01</td>
<td>695334</td>
<td>4401.57</td>
<td>693438</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>693678</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4598.13</td>
<td>706542</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>711678</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4969.98</td>
<td>731332</td>
<td>4578.66</td>
<td>705244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>729676</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80</td>
<td>107</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4440</td>
<td>696000</td>
<td>4401.48</td>
<td>693432</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>693672</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4588.05</td>
<td>705870</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>711006</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4959.99</td>
<td>730666</td>
<td>4558.59</td>
<td>703906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>728338</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>135</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4450.02</td>
<td>696668</td>
<td>4401.42</td>
<td>693428</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>693668</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4700.01</td>
<td>713334</td>
<td>4577.97</td>
<td>705198</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>710334</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4950</td>
<td>730000</td>
<td>4538.52</td>
<td>702568</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>727000</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.80 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n80 (SUL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.80-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n80 and SCS
15 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 5     | 25    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 712.5 | 42500 | 10.25 | 42050 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 54.53 | 30906 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 782.5 | 56500 | 79.17 | 55834 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 10    | 52    | U     | Low   | 1715  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 43000 | 10.32 | 42064 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 1     | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 652.1 | 30420 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1780  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 56000 | 74.24 | 54848 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 79    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 717.5 | 43500 | 10.39 | 42078 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 49.67 | 29934 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 777.5 | 55500 | 69.31 | 53862 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 106   | U     | Low   | 1720  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 44000 | 10.46 | 42092 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 47.24 | 29448 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1775  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 55000 | 64.38 | 52876 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 133   | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 722.5 | 44500 | 10.53 | 42106 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 44.81 | 28962 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 772.5 | 54500 | 59.45 | 51890 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 160   | U     | Low   | 1725  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 45000 | 710.6 | 42120 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 42.38 | 28476 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1770  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 54000 | 54.52 | 50904 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.80-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n80 and SCS
30 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 24    | U     | Low   | 1715  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 43000 | 10.68 | 42136 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 61.74 | 12348 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1780  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 56000 | 73.52 | 54704 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 38    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 717.5 | 43500 | 10.66 | 42132 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 59.22 | 11844 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 1     | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 777.5 | 55500 | 768.5 | 53700 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 51    | U     | Low   | 1720  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 44000 | 10.82 | 42164 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 56.88 | 11376 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1775  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 55000 | 63.66 | 52732 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 65    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 1     | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 722.5 | 44500 | 710.8 | 42160 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 54.36 | 10872 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 772.5 | 54500 | 58.64 | 51728 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 78    | U     | Low   | 1725  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 45000 | 10.96 | 42192 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 52.02 | 10404 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1770  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 54000 | 753.8 | 50760 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.80-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n80 and SCS
60 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 11    | U     | Low   | 1715  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 43000 | 11.04 | 42208 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 13    | 2     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 80.66 | 76132 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1780  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 56000 | 71.72 | 54344 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 18    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 717.5 | 43500 | 11.02 | 42204 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 13    | 2     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 78.14 | 75628 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 1     | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 777.5 | 55500 | 766.7 | 53340 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 24    | U     | Low   | 1720  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 44000 | 11.36 | 42272 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 13    | 2     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 75.98 | 75196 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1775  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 55000 | 62.04 | 52408 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 31    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 722.5 | 44500 | 11.34 | 42268 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 13    | 2     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 73.46 | 74692 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 772.5 | 54500 | 57.02 | 51404 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 38    | U     | Low   | 1725  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 45000 | 11.32 | 42264 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 13    | 2     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 747.5 | 49500 | 70.94 | 74188 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1770  | 3     | 1752  | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 54000 |       | 50400 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

###### 4.3.1.1.1.81 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n81 (SUL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.81-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n81 and SCS
15 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 5     | 25    | U     | Low   | 882.5 | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 76500 | 80.25 | 76050 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 897.5 | 1     | 8     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 79500 | 04.53 | 60906 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 912.5 | 1     | 9     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 82500 | 09.17 | 81834 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 10    | 52    | U     | Low   | 885   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 77000 | 80.32 | 76064 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 897.5 | 1     | 802.1 | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 79500 |       | 60420 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 910   | 1     | 9     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 82000 | 04.24 | 80848 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 79    | U     | Low   | 887.5 | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 77500 | 80.39 | 76078 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 897.5 | 1     | 7     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 79500 | 99.67 | 59934 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 907.5 | 1     | 8     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 81500 | 99.31 | 79862 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 106   | U     | Low   | 890   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 78000 | 80.46 | 76092 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 897.5 | 1     | 7     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 79500 | 97.24 | 59448 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 905   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 81000 | 94.38 | 78876 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.81-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n81 and SCS
30 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 24    | U     | Low   | 885   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 77000 | 80.68 | 76136 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 897.5 | 1     | 7     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 79500 | 11.74 | 42348 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 910   | 1     | 9     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 82000 | 03.52 | 80704 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 38    | U     | Low   | 887.5 | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 77500 | 80.66 | 76132 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 897.5 | 1     | 7     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 79500 | 09.22 | 41844 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 907.5 | 1     | 898.5 | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 81500 |       | 79700 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 51    | U     | Low   | 890   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 78000 | 80.82 | 76164 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 897.5 | 1     | 7     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 79500 | 06.88 | 41376 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 905   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 81000 | 93.66 | 78732 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

###### 4.3.1.1.1.82 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n82 (SUL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.82-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n82 and SCS
15 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 5     | 25    | U     | Low   | 834.5 | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 66900 | 32.25 | 66450 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 847   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 69400 | 54.03 | 50806 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 859.5 | 1     | 8     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 71900 | 56.17 | 71234 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 10    | 52    | U     | Low   | 837   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 67400 | 32.32 | 66464 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 847   | 1     | 751.6 | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 69400 |       | 50320 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 857   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 71400 | 51.24 | 70248 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 79    | U     | Low   | 839.5 | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 67900 | 32.39 | 66478 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 847   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 69400 | 49.17 | 49834 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 854.5 | 1     | 8     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70900 | 46.31 | 69262 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 106   | U     | Low   | 842   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 68400 | 32.46 | 66492 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 847   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 69400 | 46.74 | 49348 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 852   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70400 | 41.38 | 68276 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.82-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n82 and SCS
30 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 24    | U     | Low   | 837   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 67400 | 32.68 | 66536 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 847   | 1     | 6     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 69400 | 61.24 | 32248 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 857   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 71400 | 50.52 | 70104 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 38    | U     | Low   | 839.5 | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 67900 | 32.66 | 66532 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 847   | 1     | 6     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 69400 | 58.72 | 31744 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 854.5 | 1     | 845.5 | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70900 |       | 69100 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 51    | U     | Low   | 842   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 68400 | 32.82 | 66564 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 847   | 1     | 6     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 69400 | 56.38 | 31276 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 852   | 1     | 8     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70400 | 40.66 | 68132 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

###### 4.3.1.1.1.83 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n83 (SUL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.83-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n83 and SCS
15 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 5     | 25    | U     | Low   | 705.5 | 1     | 7     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 41100 | 03.25 | 40650 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 725.5 | 1     | 6     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 45100 | 32.53 | 26506 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 745.5 | 1     | 7     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49100 | 42.17 | 48434 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 10    | 52    | U     | Low   | 708   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 41600 | 03.32 | 40664 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 725.5 | 1     | 630.1 | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 45100 |       | 26020 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 743   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 48600 | 37.24 | 47448 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 79    | U     | Low   | 710.5 | 1     | 7     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 42100 | 03.39 | 40678 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 725.5 | 1     | 6     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 45100 | 27.67 | 25534 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 740.5 | 1     | 7     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 48100 | 32.31 | 46462 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 106   | U     | Low   | 713   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 42600 | 03.46 | 40692 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| (Note |       |       | Mid   | 728   | 1     | 6     | 1     | 504 |
| 1)    |       |       |       |       | 45600 | 27.74 | 25548 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 738   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 47600 | 27.38 | 45476 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 160   | U     | Low   | 718   | 1     | 703.6 | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 43600 |       | 40720 |     |
|       |       |       | Mid   |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| (Note |       |       | High  | 733   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 6   |
| 2)    |       |       |       |       | 46600 | 17.52 | 43504 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| entre |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| moved |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Mid   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| BW=20 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| due   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 7 in  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| TS    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 38.   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 101-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| [7\], |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 2: No |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| entre |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Mid   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| BW=30 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| due   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 7 in  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| TS    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 38.   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 101-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| [7\], |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 5.3   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| .5-1. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| For   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| cases |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| fying |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Mid   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| BW=30 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| to be |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| te    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| sted, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| use   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Low   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| BW=30 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| ins   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| tead. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.83-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n83 and SCS
30 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 24    | U     | Low   | 708   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 41600 | 03.68 | 40736 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 725.5 | 1     | 539.7 | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 45100 |       | 07948 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 743   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 48600 | 36.52 | 47304 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 38    | U     | Low   | 710.5 | 1     | 7     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 42100 | 03.66 | 40732 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 725.5 | 1     | 5     | 1     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 45100 | 37.22 | 07444 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 740.5 | 1     | 731.5 | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 48100 |       | 46300 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 51    | U     | Low   | 713   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 42600 | 03.82 | 40764 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| (Note |       |       | Mid   | 728   | 1     | 5     | 1     | 504 |
| 1)    |       |       |       |       | 45600 | 37.38 | 07476 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 738   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 47600 | 26.66 | 45332 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 78    | U     | Low   | 718   | 1     | 7     | 1     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 43600 | 03.96 | 40792 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| (Note |       |       | High  | 733   | 1     | 716.8 | 1     | 6   |
| 2)    |       |       |       |       | 46600 |       | 43360 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| entre |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| moved |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Mid   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| BW=20 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| due   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 7 in  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| TS    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 38.   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 101-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| [7\], |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 2: No |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| entre |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Mid   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| BW=30 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| due   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 7 in  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| TS    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 38.   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 101-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| \     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| [7\], |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| 5.3   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| .5-1. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| For   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| cases |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| speci |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| fying |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Mid   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| BW=30 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| to be |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| te    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| sted, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| use   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| Low   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| BW=30 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| ins   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
| tead. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

###### 4.3.1.1.1.84 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n84 (SUL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.84-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n84 and SCS
15 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 5     | 25    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 922.5 | 84500 | 20.25 | 84050 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 57.03 | 71406 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 977.5 | 95500 | 74.17 | 94834 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 10    | 52    | U     | Low   | 1925  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 85000 | 20.32 | 84064 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 854.6 | 70920 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1975  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 95000 | 69.24 | 93848 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 79    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 927.5 | 85500 | 20.39 | 84078 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 52.17 | 70434 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 972.5 | 94500 | 64.31 | 92862 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 106   | U     | Low   | 1930  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 86000 | 20.46 | 84092 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 49.74 | 69948 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1970  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 94000 | 59.38 | 91876 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 133   | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 932.5 | 86500 | 20.53 | 84106 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 47.31 | 69462 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 967.5 | 93500 | 54.45 | 90890 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 160   | U     | Low   | 1935  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 87000 | 920.6 | 84120 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 44.88 | 68976 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1965  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 93000 | 49.52 | 89904 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 216   | U     | Low   | 1940  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 88000 | 20.56 | 84112 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 39.84 | 67968 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1960  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 92000 | 39.48 | 87896 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 50    | 270   | U     | Low   | 1945  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 89000 | 920.7 | 84140 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 34.98 | 66996 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1955  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 91000 | 29.62 | 85924 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.84-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n84 and SCS
30 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 24    | U     | Low   | 1925  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 85000 | 20.68 | 84136 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 64.24 | 52848 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1975  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 95000 | 68.52 | 93704 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 38    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 927.5 | 85500 | 20.66 | 84132 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 61.72 | 52344 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 1     | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 972.5 | 94500 | 963.5 | 92700 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 51    | U     | Low   | 1930  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 86000 | 20.82 | 84164 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 59.38 | 51876 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1970  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 94000 | 58.66 | 91732 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 65    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 1     | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 932.5 | 86500 | 920.8 | 84160 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 56.86 | 51372 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 967.5 | 93500 | 53.64 | 90728 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 78    | U     | Low   | 1935  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 87000 | 20.96 | 84192 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 54.52 | 50904 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1965  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 93000 | 948.8 | 89760 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 106   | U     | Low   | 1940  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 88000 | 20.92 | 84184 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 49.48 | 49896 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1960  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 92000 | 38.76 | 87752 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 50    | 133   | U     | Low   | 1945  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 89000 | 21.06 | 84212 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 44.62 | 48924 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1955  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 91000 | 928.9 | 85780 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.84-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n84 and SCS
60 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 11    | U     | Low   | 1925  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 85000 | 21.04 | 84208 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 83.16 | 16632 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1975  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 95000 | 66.72 | 93344 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 18    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 927.5 | 85500 | 21.02 | 84204 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 80.64 | 16128 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 1     | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 972.5 | 94500 | 961.7 | 92340 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 24    | U     | Low   | 1930  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 86000 | 21.36 | 84272 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 78.48 | 15696 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1970  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 94000 | 57.04 | 91408 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 31    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 932.5 | 86500 | 21.34 | 84268 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 75.96 | 15192 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 967.5 | 93500 | 52.02 | 90404 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 38    | U     | Low   | 1935  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 87000 | 21.32 | 84264 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 73.44 | 14688 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1965  | 3     | 1947  | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 93000 |       | 89400 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 51    | U     | Low   | 1940  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 88000 | 21.64 | 84328 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 68.76 | 13752 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1960  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 92000 | 37.32 | 87464 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 50    | 65    | U     | Low   | 1945  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 89000 | 921.6 | 84320 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1950  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 90000 | 63.72 | 12744 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1955  | 3     | 19    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 91000 | 27.28 | 85456 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

###### 4.3.1.1.1.85 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n85

Table 4.3.1.1.1.85-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n85 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>729.5</td>
<td>145900</td>
<td>728.15</td>
<td>145630</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30282</td>
<td>145870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>737</td>
<td>147400</td>
<td>717.29</td>
<td>143458</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>30321</td>
<td>147430</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>744.5</td>
<td>148900</td>
<td>652.43</td>
<td>130486</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>30357</td>
<td>148870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>699.5</td>
<td>139900</td>
<td>698.15</td>
<td>139630</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>707</td>
<td>141400</td>
<td>614.93</td>
<td>122986</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>714.5</td>
<td>142900</td>
<td>712.07</td>
<td>142414</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>146100</td>
<td>728.25</td>
<td>145650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1826</td>
<td>146170</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>737</td>
<td>147400</td>
<td>716.39</td>
<td>143278</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1843</td>
<td>147410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>743.5</td>
<td>148700</td>
<td>650.53</td>
<td>130106</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1858</td>
<td>148610</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>700.5</td>
<td>140100</td>
<td>698.25</td>
<td>139650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>707</td>
<td>141400</td>
<td>614.03</td>
<td>122806</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>713.5</td>
<td>142700</td>
<td>710.17</td>
<td>142034</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>733</td>
<td>146600</td>
<td>728.32</td>
<td>145664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1826</td>
<td>146170</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>737</td>
<td>147400</td>
<td>713.96</td>
<td>142792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1835</td>
<td>146890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>741</td>
<td>148200</td>
<td>645.6</td>
<td>129120</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1846</td>
<td>147650</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>703</td>
<td>140600</td>
<td>698.32</td>
<td>139664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>707</td>
<td>141400</td>
<td>611.6</td>
<td>122320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>711</td>
<td>142200</td>
<td>705.24</td>
<td>141048</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>735.5</td>
<td>147100</td>
<td>728.39</td>
<td>145678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1827</td>
<td>146190</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>737</td>
<td>147400</td>
<td>711.53</td>
<td>142306</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1829</td>
<td>146410</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>108</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>738.5</td>
<td>147700</td>
<td>640.67</td>
<td>128134</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1832</td>
<td>146650</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>141100</td>
<td>698.39</td>
<td>139678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>707</td>
<td>141400</td>
<td>609.17</td>
<td>121834</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>708.5</td>
<td>141700</td>
<td>700.31</td>
<td>140062</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-0 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth 3 MHz or 5 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth larger than 3 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.85-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n85 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>733</td>
<td>146600</td>
<td>728.68</td>
<td>145736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1832</td>
<td>146650</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>737</td>
<td>147400</td>
<td>695.96</td>
<td>139192</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1847</td>
<td>147850</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>741</td>
<td>148200</td>
<td>555.24</td>
<td>111048</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1852</td>
<td>148130</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>703</td>
<td>140600</td>
<td>698.68</td>
<td>139736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>707</td>
<td>141400</td>
<td>521.24</td>
<td>104248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>711</td>
<td>142200</td>
<td>704.52</td>
<td>140904</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>735.5</td>
<td>147100</td>
<td>728.66</td>
<td>145732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1837</td>
<td>146930</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>737</td>
<td>147400</td>
<td>693.44</td>
<td>138688</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1838</td>
<td>147130</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>738.5</td>
<td>147700</td>
<td>550.22</td>
<td>110044</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1843</td>
<td>147410</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>141100</td>
<td>698.66</td>
<td>139732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>707</td>
<td>141400</td>
<td>518.72</td>
<td>103744</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>708.5</td>
<td>141700</td>
<td>699.5</td>
<td>139900</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.86 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n86 (SUL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.86-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n86 and SCS
15 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 5     | 25    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 712.5 | 42500 | 10.25 | 42050 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 16    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 52.03 | 30406 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 777.5 | 55500 | 74.17 | 54834 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 10    | 52    | U     | Low   | 1715  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 43000 | 10.32 | 42064 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 649.6 | 29920 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1775  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 55000 | 69.24 | 53848 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 79    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 717.5 | 43500 | 10.39 | 42078 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 16    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 47.17 | 29434 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 772.5 | 54500 | 64.31 | 52862 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 106   | U     | Low   | 1720  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 44000 | 10.46 | 42092 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 16    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 44.74 | 28948 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1770  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 54000 | 59.38 | 51876 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 216   | U     | Low   | 1730  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 46000 | 10.56 | 42112 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 16    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 34.84 | 26968 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1760  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 52000 | 39.48 | 47896 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.86-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n86 and SCS
30 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 24    | U     | Low   | 1715  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 43000 | 10.68 | 42136 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 59.24 | 11848 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1775  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 55000 | 68.52 | 53704 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 38    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 717.5 | 43500 | 10.66 | 42132 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 56.72 | 11344 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 1     | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 772.5 | 54500 | 763.5 | 52700 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 51    | U     | Low   | 1720  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 44000 | 10.82 | 42164 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 54.38 | 10876 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1770  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 54000 | 58.66 | 51732 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 106   | U     | Low   | 1730  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 46000 | 10.92 | 42184 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 44.48 | 08896 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1760  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 52000 | 38.76 | 47752 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.86-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n86 and SCS
60 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| Band  | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| width | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 11    | U     | Low   | 1715  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 43000 | 11.04 | 42208 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 13    | 2     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 78.16 | 75632 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1775  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 55000 | 66.72 | 53344 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 18    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 717.5 | 43500 | 11.02 | 42204 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 13    | 2     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 75.64 | 75128 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 1     | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 772.5 | 54500 | 761.7 | 52340 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 24    | U     | Low   | 1720  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 44000 | 11.36 | 42272 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 13    | 2     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 73.48 | 74696 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1770  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 54000 | 57.04 | 51408 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 51    | U     | Low   | 1730  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 46000 | 11.64 | 42328 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1745  | 3     | 13    | 2     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 49000 | 63.76 | 72752 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1760  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 52000 | 37.32 | 47464 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

###### 4.3.1.1.1.87 to 4.3.1.1.1.90 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.1.91 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n91

Table 4.3.1.1.1.91-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n91 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1429.5</td>
<td>285900</td>
<td>1427.25</td>
<td>285450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3573</td>
<td>285870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>834.5</td>
<td>166900</td>
<td>832.25</td>
<td>166450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>754.03</td>
<td>150806</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>859.5</td>
<td>171900</td>
<td>856.17</td>
<td>171234</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1429.5</td>
<td>285900</td>
<td>1427.25</td>
<td>285450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3573</td>
<td>285870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>837</td>
<td>167400</td>
<td>832.32</td>
<td>166464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>751.6</td>
<td>150320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>857</td>
<td>171400</td>
<td>851.24</td>
<td>170248</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: Void.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.92 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n92

Table 4.3.1.1.1.92-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n92 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1434.5</td>
<td>286900</td>
<td>1432.25</td>
<td>286450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3584</td>
<td>286810</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1453.89</td>
<td>290778</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3687</td>
<td>294990</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1514.5</td>
<td>302900</td>
<td>1421.53</td>
<td>284306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3787</td>
<td>302930</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>834.5</td>
<td>166900</td>
<td>832.25</td>
<td>166450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>754.03</td>
<td>150806</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>859.5</td>
<td>171900</td>
<td>856.17</td>
<td>171234</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.32</td>
<td>286464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3585</td>
<td>286830</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1451.46</td>
<td>290292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3681</td>
<td>294510</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1416.6</td>
<td>283320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3774</td>
<td>301950</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>834.5</td>
<td>166900</td>
<td>832.25</td>
<td>166450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>754.03</td>
<td>150806</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>859.5</td>
<td>171900</td>
<td>856.17</td>
<td>171234</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.39</td>
<td>286478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3586</td>
<td>286850</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1449.03</td>
<td>289806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>294030</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1411.67</td>
<td>282334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3761</td>
<td>300970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>834.5</td>
<td>166900</td>
<td>832.25</td>
<td>166450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>754.03</td>
<td>150806</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>859.5</td>
<td>171900</td>
<td>856.17</td>
<td>171234</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3669</td>
<td>293550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3751</td>
<td>300050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>834.5</td>
<td>166900</td>
<td>832.25</td>
<td>166450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>754.03</td>
<td>150806</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>859.5</td>
<td>171900</td>
<td>856.17</td>
<td>171234</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.32</td>
<td>286464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3585</td>
<td>286830</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1451.46</td>
<td>290292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3681</td>
<td>294510</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1416.6</td>
<td>283320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3774</td>
<td>301950</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>837</td>
<td>167400</td>
<td>832.32</td>
<td>166464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>751.6</td>
<td>150320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>857</td>
<td>171400</td>
<td>851.24</td>
<td>170248</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/15</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.39</td>
<td>286478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3586</td>
<td>286850</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1449.03</td>
<td>289806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>294030</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1411.67</td>
<td>282334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3761</td>
<td>300970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>837</td>
<td>167400</td>
<td>832.32</td>
<td>166464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>751.6</td>
<td>150320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>857</td>
<td>171400</td>
<td>851.24</td>
<td>170248</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3669</td>
<td>293550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3751</td>
<td>300050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>837</td>
<td>167400</td>
<td>832.32</td>
<td>166464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>751.6</td>
<td>150320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>857</td>
<td>171400</td>
<td>851.24</td>
<td>170248</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.39</td>
<td>286478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3586</td>
<td>286850</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1449.03</td>
<td>289806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>294030</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1411.67</td>
<td>282334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3761</td>
<td>300970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>839.5</td>
<td>167900</td>
<td>832.39</td>
<td>166478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>749.17</td>
<td>149834</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>854.5</td>
<td>170900</td>
<td>846.31</td>
<td>169262</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3669</td>
<td>293550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3751</td>
<td>300050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>842</td>
<td>168400</td>
<td>832.46</td>
<td>166492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>746.74</td>
<td>149348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>852</td>
<td>170400</td>
<td>841.38</td>
<td>168276</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: Void.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.92-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n92 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.68</td>
<td>286536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1433.46</td>
<td>286692</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3687</td>
<td>294990</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1326.24</td>
<td>265248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3780</td>
<td>302430</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>837</td>
<td>167400</td>
<td>832.68</td>
<td>166536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>661.24</td>
<td>132248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>857</td>
<td>171400</td>
<td>850.52</td>
<td>170104</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.66</td>
<td>286532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1430.94</td>
<td>286188</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3678</td>
<td>294270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1321.22</td>
<td>264244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3767</td>
<td>301450</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>837</td>
<td>167400</td>
<td>832.68</td>
<td>166536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>661.24</td>
<td>132248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>857</td>
<td>171400</td>
<td>850.52</td>
<td>170104</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.82</td>
<td>286564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3590</td>
<td>287290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1428.6</td>
<td>285720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3672</td>
<td>293790</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1316.38</td>
<td>263276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3754</td>
<td>300290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>837</td>
<td>167400</td>
<td>832.68</td>
<td>166536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>661.24</td>
<td>132248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>857</td>
<td>171400</td>
<td>850.52</td>
<td>170104</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.66</td>
<td>286532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1430.94</td>
<td>286188</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3678</td>
<td>294270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1321.22</td>
<td>264244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3767</td>
<td>301450</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>839.5</td>
<td>167900</td>
<td>832.66</td>
<td>166532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>658.72</td>
<td>131744</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>854.5</td>
<td>170900</td>
<td>845.5</td>
<td>169100</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.82</td>
<td>286564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3590</td>
<td>287290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1428.6</td>
<td>285720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3672</td>
<td>293790</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1316.38</td>
<td>263276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3754</td>
<td>300290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>842</td>
<td>168400</td>
<td>832.82</td>
<td>166564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>847</td>
<td>169400</td>
<td>656.38</td>
<td>131276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>852</td>
<td>170400</td>
<td>840.66</td>
<td>168132</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.93 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n93

Table 4.3.1.1.1.93-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n93 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1429.5</td>
<td>285900</td>
<td>1427.25</td>
<td>285450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3573</td>
<td>285870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>882.5</td>
<td>176500</td>
<td>880.25</td>
<td>176050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>804.53</td>
<td>160906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>912.5</td>
<td>182500</td>
<td>909.17</td>
<td>181834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1429.5</td>
<td>285900</td>
<td>1427.25</td>
<td>285450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3573</td>
<td>285870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>885</td>
<td>177000</td>
<td>880.32</td>
<td>176064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>802.1</td>
<td>160420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>910</td>
<td>182000</td>
<td>904.24</td>
<td>180848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: Void.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.94 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n94 

Table 4.3.1.1.1.94-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n94 and SCS
15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1434.5</td>
<td>286900</td>
<td>1432.25</td>
<td>286450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3584</td>
<td>286810</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1453.89</td>
<td>290778</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3687</td>
<td>294990</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1514.5</td>
<td>302900</td>
<td>1421.53</td>
<td>284306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3787</td>
<td>302930</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>882.5</td>
<td>176500</td>
<td>880.25</td>
<td>176050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>804.53</td>
<td>160906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>912.5</td>
<td>182500</td>
<td>909.17</td>
<td>181834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.32</td>
<td>286464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3585</td>
<td>286830</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1451.46</td>
<td>290292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3681</td>
<td>294510</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1416.6</td>
<td>283320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3774</td>
<td>301950</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>882.5</td>
<td>176500</td>
<td>880.25</td>
<td>176050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>804.53</td>
<td>160906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>912.5</td>
<td>182500</td>
<td>909.17</td>
<td>181834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.39</td>
<td>286478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3586</td>
<td>286850</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1449.03</td>
<td>289806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>294030</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1411.67</td>
<td>282334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3761</td>
<td>300970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>882.5</td>
<td>176500</td>
<td>880.25</td>
<td>176050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>804.53</td>
<td>160906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>912.5</td>
<td>182500</td>
<td>909.17</td>
<td>181834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3669</td>
<td>293550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3751</td>
<td>300050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>882.5</td>
<td>176500</td>
<td>880.25</td>
<td>176050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>804.53</td>
<td>160906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>912.5</td>
<td>182500</td>
<td>909.17</td>
<td>181834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.32</td>
<td>286464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3585</td>
<td>286830</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1451.46</td>
<td>290292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3681</td>
<td>294510</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1416.6</td>
<td>283320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3774</td>
<td>301950</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>885</td>
<td>177000</td>
<td>880.32</td>
<td>176064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>802.1</td>
<td>160420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>910</td>
<td>182000</td>
<td>904.24</td>
<td>180848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/15</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.39</td>
<td>286478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3586</td>
<td>286850</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1449.03</td>
<td>289806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>294030</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1411.67</td>
<td>282334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3761</td>
<td>300970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>885</td>
<td>177000</td>
<td>880.32</td>
<td>176064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>802.1</td>
<td>160420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>910</td>
<td>182000</td>
<td>904.24</td>
<td>180848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3669</td>
<td>293550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3751</td>
<td>300050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>885</td>
<td>177000</td>
<td>880.32</td>
<td>176064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>802.1</td>
<td>160420</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>910</td>
<td>182000</td>
<td>904.24</td>
<td>180848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.39</td>
<td>286478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3586</td>
<td>286850</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1449.03</td>
<td>289806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>294030</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1411.67</td>
<td>282334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3761</td>
<td>300970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>887.5</td>
<td>177500</td>
<td>880.39</td>
<td>176078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>799.67</td>
<td>159934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>907.5</td>
<td>181500</td>
<td>899.31</td>
<td>179862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3669</td>
<td>293550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3751</td>
<td>300050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>890</td>
<td>178000</td>
<td>880.46</td>
<td>176092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>797.24</td>
<td>159448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>905</td>
<td>181000</td>
<td>894.38</td>
<td>178876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: Void.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.94-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n94 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.68</td>
<td>286536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1433.46</td>
<td>286692</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3687</td>
<td>294990</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1326.24</td>
<td>265248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3780</td>
<td>302430</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>885</td>
<td>177000</td>
<td>880.68</td>
<td>176136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>711.74</td>
<td>142348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>910</td>
<td>182000</td>
<td>903.52</td>
<td>180704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.66</td>
<td>286532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1430.94</td>
<td>286188</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3678</td>
<td>294270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1321.22</td>
<td>264244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3767</td>
<td>301450</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>885</td>
<td>177000</td>
<td>880.68</td>
<td>176136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>711.74</td>
<td>142348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>910</td>
<td>182000</td>
<td>903.52</td>
<td>180704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.82</td>
<td>286564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3590</td>
<td>287290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1428.6</td>
<td>285720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3672</td>
<td>293790</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1316.38</td>
<td>263276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3754</td>
<td>300290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>885</td>
<td>177000</td>
<td>880.68</td>
<td>176136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>711.74</td>
<td>142348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>910</td>
<td>182000</td>
<td>903.52</td>
<td>180704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.66</td>
<td>286532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1430.94</td>
<td>286188</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3678</td>
<td>294270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1321.22</td>
<td>264244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3767</td>
<td>301450</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>887.5</td>
<td>177500</td>
<td>880.66</td>
<td>176132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>709.22</td>
<td>141844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>907.5</td>
<td>181500</td>
<td>898.5</td>
<td>179700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.82</td>
<td>286564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3590</td>
<td>287290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1428.6</td>
<td>285720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3672</td>
<td>293790</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1316.38</td>
<td>263276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3754</td>
<td>300290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>890</td>
<td>178000</td>
<td>880.82</td>
<td>176164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>897.5</td>
<td>179500</td>
<td>706.88</td>
<td>141376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>905</td>
<td>181000</td>
<td>893.66</td>
<td>178732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.95 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n95 (SUL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.95-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n95 and SCS
15 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| CBW   | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
|       | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 5     | 25    | U     | Low   | 2     | 4     | 20    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 012.5 | 02500 | 10.25 | 02050 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2     | 4     | 19    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 017.5 | 03500 | 24.53 | 84906 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2     | 4     | 20    | 4     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 022.5 | 04500 | 19.17 | 03834 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 10    | 52    | U     | Low   | 2015  | 4     | 20    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 03000 | 10.32 | 02064 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2     | 4     | 1     | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 017.5 | 03500 | 922.1 | 84420 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2020  | 4     | 20    | 4     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 04000 | 14.24 | 02848 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 79    | U     | Low,  | 2     | 4     | 20    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 017.5 | 03500 | 10.39 | 02078 |     |
|       |       |       | Mid,  |       |       |       |       |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
|       |       |       | High  |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.95-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n95 and SCS
30 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| CBW   | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
|       | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 24    | U     | Low   | 2015  | 4     | 20    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 03000 | 10.68 | 02136 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2     | 4     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 017.5 | 03500 | 31.74 | 66348 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2020  | 4     | 20    | 4     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 04000 | 13.52 | 02704 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 38    | U     | Low,  | 2     | 4     | 20    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 017.5 | 03500 | 10.66 | 02132 |     |
|       |       |       | Mid,  |       |       |       |       |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     |
|       |       |       | High  |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.95-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n95 and SCS
60 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| CBW   | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
|       | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 11    | U     | Low   | 2015  | 4     | 20    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 03000 | 11.04 | 02208 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2     | 4     | 16    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 017.5 | 03500 | 50.66 | 30132 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2020  | 4     | 20    | 4     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 04000 | 11.72 | 02344 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 18    | U     | Low,  | 2     | 4     | 20    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink | Mid,  | 017.5 | 03500 | 11.02 | 02204 |     |
|       |       |       | High  |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

###### 4.3.1.1.1.96 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n96

Table 4.3.1.1.1.96-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n96 and SCS
15 kHz (Note 3)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5955</td>
<td>797000</td>
<td>5945.46</td>
<td>796364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>796604</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>6535.02</td>
<td>835668</td>
<td>6507.12</td>
<td>833808</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>835272</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>7114.98</td>
<td>874332</td>
<td>7014.72</td>
<td>867648</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>873936</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5965.02</td>
<td>797668</td>
<td>5945.58</td>
<td>796372</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>796612</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>6525</td>
<td>835000</td>
<td>6487.2</td>
<td>832480</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>833944</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>7084.98</td>
<td>872332</td>
<td>6974.82</td>
<td>864988</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>871276</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-3 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: NR band n46 with SCS =15 kHz is restricted for operation when carrier is configured as an SCell part of a DC or CA configuration. As the bandwidth is limited to SCell then absence of CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 4: The selection of Low, Mid and High test frequencies are restricted to the limited allowed ARFCN values as specified in TS 38.101 [7], Table 5.4.2.3-3.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.96-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n96 and SCS
30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</p>
<p>[RBs]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 1</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5955</td>
<td>797000</td>
<td>5945.82</td>
<td>796388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>9548</td>
<td>796704</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>6535.02</td>
<td>835668</td>
<td>6489.12</td>
<td>832608</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>9951</td>
<td>835392</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>7114.98</td>
<td>874332</td>
<td>6924.36</td>
<td>861624</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>10353</td>
<td>873984</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5965.02</td>
<td>797668</td>
<td>5945.94</td>
<td>796396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>9548</td>
<td>796704</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>6525</td>
<td>835000</td>
<td>6469.2</td>
<td>831280</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>9937</td>
<td>834048</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>7084.98</td>
<td>872332</td>
<td>6884.46</td>
<td>858964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>10339</td>
<td>872640</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1112</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5974.98</td>
<td>798332</td>
<td>5945.82</td>
<td>796388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>9548</td>
<td>796704</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>6985.02</td>
<td>865668</td>
<td>6919.14</td>
<td>861276</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>10256</td>
<td>864672</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>260</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>7095</td>
<td>873000</td>
<td>6884.4</td>
<td>858960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>10325</td>
<td>871296</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5985</td>
<td>799000</td>
<td>5945.94</td>
<td>796396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>9548</td>
<td>796704</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>6544.98</td>
<td>836332</td>
<td>6469.2</td>
<td>831280</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>9937</td>
<td>834048</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>7024.98</td>
<td>868332</td>
<td>6804.48</td>
<td>853632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>10270</td>
<td>866016</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: The selection of Low, Mid and High test frequencies are restricted to the limited allowed ARFCN values as specified in TS 38.101 [7], Table 5.4.2.3-3.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.96-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n96 and SCS
60 kHz without CORESET\#0 (Note 1)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW [MHz]</th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5955</td>
<td>797000</td>
<td>5946.36</td>
<td>796424</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>796664</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>6535.02</td>
<td>835668</td>
<td>6452.94</td>
<td>830196</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>835332</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>7114.98</td>
<td>874332</td>
<td>6743.46</td>
<td>849564</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>873996</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5965.02</td>
<td>797668</td>
<td>5946.66</td>
<td>796444</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>796684</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>6525</td>
<td>835000</td>
<td>6433.2</td>
<td>828880</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>834016</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>7084.98</td>
<td>872332</td>
<td>6703.74</td>
<td>846916</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>871348</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5974.98</td>
<td>798332</td>
<td>5946.54</td>
<td>796436</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>796676</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>6985.02</td>
<td>865668</td>
<td>6883.14</td>
<td>858876</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>864012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>7095</td>
<td>873000</td>
<td>6703.68</td>
<td>846912</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>871344</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80</td>
<td>107</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>5985</td>
<td>799000</td>
<td>5946.48</td>
<td>796432</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>796672</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>6544.98</td>
<td>836332</td>
<td>6433.02</td>
<td>828868</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>834004</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>7024.98</td>
<td>868332</td>
<td>6623.58</td>
<td>841572</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>866004</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: FR1 carrier without CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, <em>controlResourceSetZero</em>=0 and <em>searchSpaceZero = 0</em> (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 2: The selection of Low, Mid and High test frequencies are restricted to the limited allowed ARFCN values as specified in TS 38.101 [7], Table 5.4.2.3-3.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.97 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n97 (SUL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.97-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n97 and SCS
15 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| CBW   | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| \[    | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| MHz\] | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
|       | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[Ca  |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | rrier |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  | P     |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] | RBs\] |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 5     | 25    | U     | Low   | 2     | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 302.5 | 60500 | 00.25 | 60050 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 29.39 | 65878 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2     | 4     | 23    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 397.5 | 79500 | 04.53 | 60906 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 10    | 52    | U     | Low   | 2305  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 61000 | 00.32 | 60064 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 26.96 | 65392 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2395  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 79000 | 299.6 | 59920 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 79    | U     | Low   | 2     | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 307.5 | 61500 | 00.39 | 60078 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 24.53 | 64906 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2     | 4     | 22    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 392.5 | 78500 | 94.67 | 58934 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 106   | U     | Low   | 2310  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 62000 | 00.46 | 60092 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 322.1 | 64420 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2390  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 78000 | 89.74 | 57948 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 133   | U     | Low   | 2     | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 312.5 | 62500 | 00.53 | 60106 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 19.67 | 63934 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2     | 4     | 22    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 387.5 | 77500 | 84.81 | 56962 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 160   | U     | Low   | 2315  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 63000 | 300.6 | 60120 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 17.24 | 63448 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2385  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 77000 | 79.88 | 55976 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 216   | U     | Low   | 2320  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 64000 | 00.56 | 60112 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 312.2 | 62440 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2380  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 76000 | 69.84 | 53968 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 50    | 270   | U     | Low   | 2325  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 65000 | 300.7 | 60140 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 07.34 | 61468 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2375  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 75000 | 59.98 | 51996 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.97-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n97 and SCS
30 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| CBW   | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| \[    | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| MHz\] | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
|       | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[Ca  |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | rrier |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  | P     |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] | RBs\] |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 24    | U     | Low   | 2305  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 61000 | 00.68 | 60136 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 08.96 | 61792 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2395  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 79000 | 09.24 | 41848 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 38    | U     | Low   | 2     | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 307.5 | 61500 | 00.66 | 60132 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 06.44 | 61288 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2     | 4     | 22    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 392.5 | 78500 | 04.22 | 40844 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 51    | U     | Low   | 2310  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 62000 | 00.82 | 60164 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 304.1 | 60820 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2390  | 4     | 21    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 78000 | 99.38 | 39876 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 65    | U     | Low   | 2     | 4     | 2     | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 312.5 | 62500 | 300.8 | 60160 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 01.58 | 60316 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2     | 4     | 21    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 387.5 | 77500 | 94.36 | 38872 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 78    | U     | Low   | 2315  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 63000 | 00.96 | 60192 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 99.24 | 59848 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2385  | 4     | 21    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 77000 | 89.52 | 37904 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 106   | U     | Low   | 2320  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 64000 | 00.92 | 60184 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 294.2 | 58840 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2380  | 4     | 21    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 76000 | 79.48 | 35896 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 50    | 133   | U     | Low   | 2325  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 65000 | 01.06 | 60212 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 89.34 | 57868 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2375  | 4     | 21    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 75000 | 69.62 | 33924 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 60    | 162   | U     | Low   | 2330  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 66000 | 00.84 | 60168 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 84.12 | 56824 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2370  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 74000 | 159.4 | 31880 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Low   | 2335  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 67000 | 00.98 | 60196 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 70    | 189   | U     | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 70000 | 79.26 | 55852 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2365  | 4     | 21    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 73000 | 49.54 | 29908 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 80    | 217   | U     | Low   | 2340  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 68000 | 00.94 | 60188 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 74.22 | 54844 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2360  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 72000 | 139.5 | 27900 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Low   | 2345  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 0   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 69000 | 300.9 | 60180 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 90    | 245   | U     | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 70000 | 69.18 | 53836 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2355  | 4     | 21    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 71000 | 29.46 | 25892 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Low   | 2350  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 00.86 | 60172 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 100   | 273   | U     | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 70000 | 64.14 | 52828 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2350  | 4     | 21    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 19.42 | 23884 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.97-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n97 and SCS
60 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| CBW   | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| \[    | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| MHz\] | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
|       | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[P   |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | RBs\] |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  |       |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 11    | U     | Low   | 2305  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 61000 | 01.04 | 60208 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 272.6 | 54520 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2395  | 4     | 20    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 79000 | 28.16 | 05632 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 18    | U     | Low   | 2     | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 307.5 | 61500 | 01.02 | 60204 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 70.08 | 54016 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2     | 4     | 20    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 392.5 | 78500 | 23.14 | 04628 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 24    | U     | Low   | 2310  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 62000 | 01.36 | 60272 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 67.92 | 53584 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2390  | 4     | 20    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 78000 | 18.48 | 03696 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 31    | U     | Low   | 2     | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 312.5 | 62500 | 01.34 | 60268 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 265.4 | 53080 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2     | 4     | 20    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 387.5 | 77500 | 13.46 | 02692 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 38    | U     | Low   | 2315  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 63000 | 01.32 | 60264 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 62.88 | 52576 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2385  | 4     | 20    | 4     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 77000 | 08.44 | 01688 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 51    | U     | Low   | 2320  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 64000 | 01.64 | 60328 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 258.2 | 51640 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2380  | 4     | 19    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 76000 | 98.76 | 99752 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 50    | 65    | U     | Low   | 2325  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 65000 | 301.6 | 60320 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 53.16 | 50632 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2375  | 4     | 19    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 75000 | 88.72 | 97744 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 60    | 79    | U     | Low   | 2330  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 66000 | 01.56 | 60312 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 48.12 | 49624 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2370  | 4     | 19    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 74000 | 78.68 | 95736 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Low   | 2335  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 67000 | 01.52 | 60304 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 70    | 93    | U     | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 70000 | 43.08 | 48616 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2365  | 4     | 19    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 73000 | 68.64 | 93728 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 80    | 107   | U     | Low   | 2340  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 68000 | 01.48 | 60296 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 38.04 | 47608 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2360  | 4     | 1     | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 72000 | 958.6 | 91720 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Low   | 2345  | 4     | 23    | 4     | 0   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 69000 | 01.44 | 60288 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 90    | 121   | U     | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 2233  | 4     | 102 |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 70000 |       | 46600 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2355  | 4     | 19    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 71000 | 48.56 | 89712 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Low   | 2350  | 4     | 2     | 4     | 0   |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 301.4 | 60280 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 100   | 135   | U     | Mid   | 2350  | 4     | 22    | 4     | 102 |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 70000 | 27.96 | 45592 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 2350  | 4     | 19    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 70000 | 38.52 | 87704 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

###### 4.3.1.1.1.98 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n98 (SUL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.98-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n98 and SCS
15 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| **CBW | **car | **Ra  | **Ca  | **Ca  | **    | *     | **    |     |
| \[MH  | rierB | nge** | rrier | rrier | point | *abso | offse |     |
| z\]** | andwi |       | cen   | cen   | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
|       | dth** |       | tre** | tre** | \[MH  | reque | rrier |     |
|       |       |       |       |       | z\]** | ncyPo | \[Ca  |     |
|       | **    |       | *     | **\   |       | intA\ | rrier |     |
|       | \[PRB |       | *\[MH | [ARFC |       | \     | PRB   |     |
|       | s\]** |       | z\]** | N\]** |       | [ARFC | s\]** |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | N\]** |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 5     | 25    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 882.5 | 76500 | 80.25 | 76050 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       | 899.1 | 79820 | 78.49 | 75698 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 917.5 | 83500 | 24.53 | 64906 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 10    | 52    | U     | Low   | 1885  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 77000 | 80.32 | 76064 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 76.96 | 75392 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1915  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 83000 | 819.6 | 63920 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 79    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 887.5 | 77500 | 80.39 | 76078 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 74.53 | 74906 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 912.5 | 82500 | 14.67 | 62934 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 106   | U     | Low   | 1890  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 78000 | 80.46 | 76092 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 872.1 | 74420 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1910  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 82000 | 09.74 | 61948 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 133   | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 892.5 | 78500 | 80.53 | 76106 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 69.67 | 73934 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 907.5 | 81500 | 04.81 | 60962 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 160   | U     | Low   | 1895  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 79000 | 880.6 | 76120 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 67.24 | 73448 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1905  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 81000 | 99.88 | 59976 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 35    | 188   | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 897.5 | 79500 | 80.58 | 76116 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 64.72 | 72944 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 902.5 | 80500 | 94.86 | 58972 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 216   | U     | Low   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 80000 | 80.56 | 76112 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.98-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n98 and SCS
30 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| **CBW | **car | **Ra  | **Ca  | **Ca  | **    | *     | **    |     |
| \[MH  | rierB | nge** | rrier | rrier | point | *abso | offse |     |
| z\]** | andwi |       | cen   | cen   | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
|       | dth** |       | tre** | tre** | \[MH  | reque | rrier |     |
|       |       |       |       |       | z\]** | ncyPo | \[Ca  |     |
|       | **    |       | *     | **\   |       | intA\ | rrier |     |
|       | \[PRB |       | *\[MH | [ARFC |       | \     | PRB   |     |
|       | s\]** |       | z\]** | N\]** |       | [ARFC | s\]** |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | N\]** |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 24    | U     | Low   | 1885  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 77000 | 80.68 | 76136 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 58.96 | 71792 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1915  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 83000 | 29.24 | 45848 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 38    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 887.5 | 77500 | 80.66 | 76132 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 56.44 | 71288 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 912.5 | 82500 | 24.22 | 44844 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 51    | U     | Low   | 1890  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 78000 | 80.82 | 76164 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 854.1 | 70820 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1910  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 82000 | 19.38 | 43876 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 65    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 1     | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 892.5 | 78500 | 880.8 | 76160 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 51.58 | 70316 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 907.5 | 81500 | 14.36 | 42872 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 78    | U     | Low   | 1895  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 79000 | 80.96 | 76192 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 49.24 | 69848 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1905  | 3     | 17    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 81000 | 09.52 | 41904 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 35    | 92    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 897.5 | 79500 | 80.94 | 76188 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 46.72 | 69344 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 1     | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 902.5 | 80500 | 704.5 | 40900 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 106   | U     | Low   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 80000 | 80.92 | 76184 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.98-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n98 and SCS
60 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| **CBW | **car | **Ra  | **Ca  | **Ca  | **    | *     | **    |     |
| \[MH  | rierB | nge** | rrier | rrier | point | *abso | offse |     |
| z\]** | andwi |       | cen   | cen   | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
|       | dth** |       | tre** | tre** | \[MH  | reque | rrier |     |
|       |       |       |       |       | z\]** | ncyPo | \[PRB |     |
|       | **    |       | *     | **\   |       | intA\ | s\]** |     |
|       | \[PRB |       | *\[MH | [ARFC |       | \     |       |     |
|       | s\]** |       | z\]** | N\]** |       | [ARFC |       |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | N\]** |       |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 10    | 11    | U     | Low   | 1885  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 77000 | 81.04 | 76208 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 822.6 | 64520 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1915  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 83000 | 48.16 | 09632 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 15    | 18    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 887.5 | 77500 | 81.02 | 76204 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 20.08 | 64016 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 912.5 | 82500 | 43.14 | 08628 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 20    | 24    | U     | Low   | 1890  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 78000 | 81.36 | 76272 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 17.92 | 63584 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1910  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 82000 | 38.48 | 07696 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 25    | 31    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 892.5 | 78500 | 81.34 | 76268 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 1     | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 815.4 | 63080 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 907.5 | 81500 | 33.46 | 06692 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 30    | 38    | U     | Low   | 1895  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 79000 | 81.32 | 76264 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 12.88 | 62576 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1905  | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 81000 | 28.44 | 05688 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 35    | 44    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 897.5 | 79500 | 81.66 | 76332 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 102 |
|       |       |       |       |       | 80000 | 10.72 | 62144 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 902.5 | 80500 | 23.78 | 04756 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 40    | 51    | U     | Low   | 1900  | 3     | 18    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       |       | 80000 | 81.64 | 76328 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

###### 4.3.1.1.1.99 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n99 (SUL)

Table 4.3.1.1.1.99-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n99 and SCS
15 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| UL    | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |     |
| CBW   | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |     |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |     |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[Ca  |     |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | rrier |     |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  | P     |     |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] | RBs\] |     |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=====+
| 5     | 25    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 630.0 | 26000 | 27.75 | 25550 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | Mid   | 1     | 3     | 15    | 3     | 504 |
|       |       |       |       | 635.0 | 27000 | 42.03 | 08406 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 654.0 | 30800 | 50.67 | 30134 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
| 10    | 52    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 0   |
|       |       | plink |       | 632.5 | 26500 | 27.82 | 25564 |     |
|       |       |       | Mid   |       |       |       |       |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 6   |
|       |       |       |       | 651.5 | 30300 | 45.74 | 29148 |     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-----+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.99-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n99 and SCS
30 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+---+
| UL    | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |   |
| CBW   | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |   |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |   |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[Ca  |   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | rrier |   |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  | P     |   |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] | RBs\] |   |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+===+
| 10    | 24    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 0 |
|       |       | plink |       | 632.5 | 26500 | 27.82 | 25564 |   |
|       |       |       | Mid   |       |       |       |       |   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+---+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 6 |
|       |       |       |       | 651.5 | 30300 | 45.02 | 29004 |   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+---+

Table 4.3.1.1.1.99-3: Test frequencies for NR operating band n99 and SCS
60 kHz

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+---+
| UL    | c     | Range | Ca    | Ca    | point | abso  | offse |   |
| CBW   | arrie |       | rrier | rrier | A\    | luteF | tToCa |   |
| \[    | rBand |       | c     | c     | \[    | reque | rrier |   |
| MHz\] | width |       | entre | entre | MHz\] | ncyPo | \[Ca  |   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       | intA\ | rrier |   |
|       | \[P   |       | \[    | \[AR  |       | \[AR  | P     |   |
|       | RBs\] |       | MHz\] | FCN\] |       | FCN\] | RBs\] |   |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+===+
| 10    | 11    | U     | Low   | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 0 |
|       |       | plink |       | 632.5 | 26500 | 28.54 | 25708 |   |
|       |       |       | Mid   |       |       |       |       |   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+---+
|       |       |       | High  | 1     | 3     | 16    | 3     | 6 |
|       |       |       |       | 651.5 | 30300 | 43.22 | 28644 |   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+---+

###### 4.3.1.1.1.100 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n100

Table 4.3.1.1.1.100-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n100 and
SCS 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>921.0</td>
<td>184200</td>
<td>919.65</td>
<td>183930</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>31240</td>
<td>184170</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>922.2</td>
<td>184440</td>
<td>902.49</td>
<td>180498</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>31246</td>
<td>184410</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>923.5</td>
<td>184700</td>
<td>831.43</td>
<td>166286</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>31253</td>
<td>184670</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>876.0</td>
<td>175200</td>
<td>874.65</td>
<td>174930</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>877.2</td>
<td>175440</td>
<td>785.13</td>
<td>157026</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>878.5</td>
<td>175700</td>
<td>876.07</td>
<td>175214</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>921.9</td>
<td>184380</td>
<td>919.65</td>
<td>183930</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2304</td>
<td>184350</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>922.2</td>
<td>184440</td>
<td>901.59</td>
<td>180318</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2304</td>
<td>184350</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>922.5</td>
<td>184500</td>
<td>829.53</td>
<td>165906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2307</td>
<td>184590</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>876.9</td>
<td>175380</td>
<td>874.65</td>
<td>174930</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>877.2</td>
<td>175440</td>
<td>784.23</td>
<td>156846</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>877.5</td>
<td>175500</td>
<td>874.17</td>
<td>174834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-0 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth 3 MHz or 5 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 with minimum channel bandwidth 3 MHz and channel bandwidth larger than 3 MHz in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.101 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n101

Table 4.3.1.1.1.101-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n101 and
SCS 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td><p>Downlink</p>
<p>&amp;</p>
<p>Uplink</p></td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1902.5</td>
<td>380500</td>
<td>1900.25</td>
<td>380050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4754</td>
<td>380410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1884.39</td>
<td>376878</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>4761</td>
<td>380910</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1907.5</td>
<td>381500</td>
<td>1814.53</td>
<td>362906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>4768</td>
<td>381410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td><p>Downlink</p>
<p>&amp;</p>
<p>Uplink</p></td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1900.32</td>
<td>380064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4755</td>
<td>380430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.101-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n101 and
SCS 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td><p>Downlink</p>
<p>&amp;</p>
<p>Uplink</p></td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1905</td>
<td>381000</td>
<td>1900,68</td>
<td>380136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>4762</td>
<td>380930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 4.3.1.1.1.102 to 4.3.1.1.1.104 FFS {#to-4.3.1.1.1.104-ffs .H6}

##### 4.3.1.1.1.105 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n105 {#reference-test-frequencies-for-nr-operating-band-n105 .H6}

Table 4.3.1.1.1.105-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n105 and
SCS 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>614.5</td>
<td>122900</td>
<td>612.25</td>
<td>122450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1537</td>
<td>122930</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>611.39</td>
<td>122278</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1583</td>
<td>126730</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>7</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>113</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>649.5</td>
<td>129900</td>
<td>556.53</td>
<td>111306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1623</td>
<td>129870</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>665.5</td>
<td>133100</td>
<td>663.25</td>
<td>132650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>590.03</td>
<td>118006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>700.5</td>
<td>140100</td>
<td>697.17</td>
<td>139434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>617</td>
<td>123400</td>
<td>612.32</td>
<td>122464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1538</td>
<td>123130</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>608.96</td>
<td>121792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1574</td>
<td>126010</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>647</td>
<td>129400</td>
<td>551.6</td>
<td>110320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1613</td>
<td>129130</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>512</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>668</td>
<td>133600</td>
<td>663.32</td>
<td>132664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>587.6</td>
<td>117520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>698</td>
<td>139600</td>
<td>692.24</td>
<td>138448</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>619.5</td>
<td>123900</td>
<td>612.39</td>
<td>122478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1539</td>
<td>123150</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>606.53</td>
<td>121306</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1568</td>
<td>125530</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>644.5</td>
<td>128900</td>
<td>546.67</td>
<td>109334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1603</td>
<td>128210</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>514</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>670.5</td>
<td>134100</td>
<td>663.39</td>
<td>132678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>585.17</td>
<td>117034</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>695.5</td>
<td>139100</td>
<td>687.31</td>
<td>137462</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>622</td>
<td>124400</td>
<td>612.46</td>
<td>122492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1540</td>
<td>123170</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>604.1</td>
<td>120820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1562</td>
<td>125050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>642</td>
<td>128400</td>
<td>541.74</td>
<td>108348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1587</td>
<td>126990</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>673</td>
<td>134600</td>
<td>663.46</td>
<td>132692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>582.74</td>
<td>116548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>138600</td>
<td>682.38</td>
<td>136476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>624.5</td>
<td>124900</td>
<td>612.53</td>
<td>122506</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1544</td>
<td>123610</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>20</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>601.67</td>
<td>120334</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1556</td>
<td>124570</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>639.5</td>
<td>127900</td>
<td>536.81</td>
<td>107362</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1574</td>
<td>126010</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>673</td>
<td>134600</td>
<td>663.46</td>
<td>132692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>582.74</td>
<td>116548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>138600</td>
<td>682.38</td>
<td>136476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>627</td>
<td>125400</td>
<td>612.6</td>
<td>122520</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1539</td>
<td>123150</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>599.24</td>
<td>119848</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1550</td>
<td>124090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>637</td>
<td>127400</td>
<td>531.88</td>
<td>106376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1564</td>
<td>125090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>673</td>
<td>134600</td>
<td>663.46</td>
<td>132692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>582.74</td>
<td>116548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>138600</td>
<td>682.38</td>
<td>136476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/35</td>
<td>188</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>629.5</td>
<td>125900</td>
<td>612.58</td>
<td>122516</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1540</td>
<td>123170</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>596.72</td>
<td>119344</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1544</td>
<td>123610</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>108</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>526.86</td>
<td>105372</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1551</td>
<td>124110</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>673</td>
<td>134600</td>
<td>663.46</td>
<td>132692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>582.74</td>
<td>116548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>138600</td>
<td>682.38</td>
<td>136476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.105-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n105 and
SCS 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>UL/DL Bandwidth combination [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>617</td>
<td>123400</td>
<td>612.68</td>
<td>122536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1544</td>
<td>123610</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>22</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>590.96</td>
<td>118192</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1580</td>
<td>126490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>647</td>
<td>129400</td>
<td>461.24</td>
<td>92248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1619</td>
<td>129610</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1030</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>668</td>
<td>133600</td>
<td>663.68</td>
<td>132736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>497.24</td>
<td>99448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>698</td>
<td>139600</td>
<td>691.52</td>
<td>138304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>619.5</td>
<td>123900</td>
<td>612.66</td>
<td>122532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1545</td>
<td>123630</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>24</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>588.44</td>
<td>117688</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1574</td>
<td>126010</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>222</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>644.5</td>
<td>128900</td>
<td>456.22</td>
<td>91244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1609</td>
<td>128690</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1036</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>670.5</td>
<td>134100</td>
<td>663.66</td>
<td>132732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>494.72</td>
<td>98944</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>695.5</td>
<td>139100</td>
<td>686.5</td>
<td>137300</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>622</td>
<td>124400</td>
<td>612.82</td>
<td>122564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1546</td>
<td>123650</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>24</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>586.1</td>
<td>117220</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1568</td>
<td>125530</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>642</td>
<td>128400</td>
<td>451.38</td>
<td>90276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1596</td>
<td>127710</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1034</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>673</td>
<td>134600</td>
<td>663.82</td>
<td>132764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>492.38</td>
<td>98476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>138600</td>
<td>681.66</td>
<td>136332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>624.5</td>
<td>124900</td>
<td>612.8</td>
<td>122560</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1544</td>
<td>123610</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>22</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>583.58</td>
<td>116716</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1562</td>
<td>125050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>222</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>639.5</td>
<td>127900</td>
<td>446.36</td>
<td>89272</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1583</td>
<td>126730</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1036</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>673</td>
<td>134600</td>
<td>663.82</td>
<td>132764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>492.38</td>
<td>98476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>138600</td>
<td>681.66</td>
<td>136332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>627</td>
<td>125400</td>
<td>612.96</td>
<td>122592</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1545</td>
<td>123630</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>20</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>581.24</td>
<td>116248</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1556</td>
<td>124570</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>222</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>637</td>
<td>127400</td>
<td>441.52</td>
<td>88304</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1570</td>
<td>125570</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1026</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>673</td>
<td>134600</td>
<td>663.82</td>
<td>132764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>492.38</td>
<td>98476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>138600</td>
<td>681.66</td>
<td>136332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/35</td>
<td>92</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>629.5</td>
<td>125900</td>
<td>612.94</td>
<td>122588</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>1546</td>
<td>123650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>22</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>632</td>
<td>126400</td>
<td>578.72</td>
<td>115744</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>1550</td>
<td>124090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>222</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>634.5</td>
<td>126900</td>
<td>436.5</td>
<td>87300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>1557</td>
<td>124590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1026</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>673</td>
<td>134600</td>
<td>663.82</td>
<td>132764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>683</td>
<td>136600</td>
<td>492.38</td>
<td>98476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>693</td>
<td>138600</td>
<td>681.66</td>
<td>136332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.1.106 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n106

Table 4.3.1.1.1.106-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n106 and
SCS 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>938.0</td>
<td>187600</td>
<td>936.65</td>
<td>187330</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>31326</td>
<td>187630</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>899.0</td>
<td>179800</td>
<td>897.65</td>
<td>179530</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-0 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 4.3.1.1.1.107 to 4.3.1.1.1.108 FFS {#to-4.3.1.1.1.108-ffs .H6}

##### 4.3.1.1.1.109 Reference test frequencies for NR operating band n109 {#reference-test-frequencies-for-nr-operating-band-n109 .H6}

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>Table 4.3.1.1.1.109-1: Test frequencies for NR operating band n109 and SCS 15 kHz<strong>UL/DLCBW</strong></p>
<p><strong>Combination</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1434.5</td>
<td>286900</td>
<td>1432.25</td>
<td>286450</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3584</td>
<td>286810</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1453.89</td>
<td>290778</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3687</td>
<td>294990</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1514.5</td>
<td>302900</td>
<td>1421.53</td>
<td>284306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3787</td>
<td>302930</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>141100</td>
<td>703.25</td>
<td>140650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>625.03</td>
<td>125006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>146100</td>
<td>727.17</td>
<td>145434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/10</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.32</td>
<td>286464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td>3585</td>
<td>286830</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1451.46</td>
<td>290292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3681</td>
<td>294510</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1416.6</td>
<td>283320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3774</td>
<td>301950</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>141100</td>
<td>703.25</td>
<td>140650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>625.03</td>
<td>125006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>146100</td>
<td>727.17</td>
<td>145434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.39</td>
<td>286478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3586</td>
<td>286850</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1449.03</td>
<td>289806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>294030</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1411.67</td>
<td>282334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3761</td>
<td>300970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>141100</td>
<td>703.25</td>
<td>140650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>625.03</td>
<td>125006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>146100</td>
<td>727.17</td>
<td>145434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3669</td>
<td>293550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3751</td>
<td>300050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>141100</td>
<td>703.25</td>
<td>140650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>625.03</td>
<td>125006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>146100</td>
<td>727.17</td>
<td>145434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1444.5</td>
<td>288900</td>
<td>1432.53</td>
<td>286506</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3588</td>
<td>287070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1444.17</td>
<td>288834</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3663</td>
<td>293070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1504.5</td>
<td>300900</td>
<td>1401.81</td>
<td>280362</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3738</td>
<td>299070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>141100</td>
<td>703.25</td>
<td>140650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>625.03</td>
<td>125006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>146100</td>
<td>727.17</td>
<td>145434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1447</td>
<td>289400</td>
<td>1432.6</td>
<td>286520</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3589</td>
<td>287090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1441.74</td>
<td>288348</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3657</td>
<td>292590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1502</td>
<td>300400</td>
<td>1396.88</td>
<td>279376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3725</td>
<td>298090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>141100</td>
<td>703.25</td>
<td>140650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>625.03</td>
<td>125006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>146100</td>
<td>727.17</td>
<td>145434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1432.56</td>
<td>286512</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3588</td>
<td>287070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1436.7</td>
<td>287340</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3642</td>
<td>291390</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1386.84</td>
<td>277368</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3699</td>
<td>295950</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>141100</td>
<td>703.25</td>
<td>140650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>625.03</td>
<td>125006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>146100</td>
<td>727.17</td>
<td>145434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5/50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1432.7</td>
<td>286540</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1431.84</td>
<td>286368</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3630</td>
<td>290430</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1376.98</td>
<td>275396</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3676</td>
<td>294050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>705.5</td>
<td>141100</td>
<td>703.25</td>
<td>140650</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>625.03</td>
<td>125006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>730.5</td>
<td>146100</td>
<td>727.17</td>
<td>145434</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.32</td>
<td>286464</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3585</td>
<td>286830</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1451.46</td>
<td>290292</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3681</td>
<td>294510</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1416.6</td>
<td>283320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3774</td>
<td>301950</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.32</td>
<td>140664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>622.6</td>
<td>124520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>722.24</td>
<td>144448</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.39</td>
<td>286478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3586</td>
<td>286850</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1449.03</td>
<td>289806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>294030</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1411.67</td>
<td>282334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3761</td>
<td>300970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.32</td>
<td>140664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>622.6</td>
<td>124520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>722.24</td>
<td>144448</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3669</td>
<td>293550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3751</td>
<td>300050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.32</td>
<td>140664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>622.6</td>
<td>124520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>722.24</td>
<td>144448</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1444.5</td>
<td>288900</td>
<td>1432.53</td>
<td>286506</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3588</td>
<td>287070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1444.17</td>
<td>288834</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3663</td>
<td>293070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1504.5</td>
<td>300900</td>
<td>1401.81</td>
<td>280362</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3738</td>
<td>299070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.32</td>
<td>140664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>622.6</td>
<td>124520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>722.24</td>
<td>144448</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1447</td>
<td>289400</td>
<td>1432.6</td>
<td>286520</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3589</td>
<td>287090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1441.74</td>
<td>288348</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3657</td>
<td>292590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1502</td>
<td>300400</td>
<td>1396.88</td>
<td>279376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3725</td>
<td>298090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.32</td>
<td>140664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>622.6</td>
<td>124520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>722.24</td>
<td>144448</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1432.56</td>
<td>286512</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3588</td>
<td>287070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1436.7</td>
<td>287340</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3642</td>
<td>291390</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1386.84</td>
<td>277368</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3699</td>
<td>295950</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.32</td>
<td>140664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>622.6</td>
<td>124520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>722.24</td>
<td>144448</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1432.7</td>
<td>286540</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1431.84</td>
<td>286368</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3630</td>
<td>290430</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1376.98</td>
<td>275396</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3676</td>
<td>294050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.32</td>
<td>140664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>622.6</td>
<td>124520</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>722.24</td>
<td>144448</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.39</td>
<td>286478</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3586</td>
<td>286850</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1449.03</td>
<td>289806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>294030</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1411.67</td>
<td>282334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3761</td>
<td>300970</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.39</td>
<td>140678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>620.17</td>
<td>124034</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>717.31</td>
<td>143462</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3669</td>
<td>293550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3751</td>
<td>300050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.39</td>
<td>140678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>620.17</td>
<td>124034</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>717.31</td>
<td>143462</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1444.5</td>
<td>288900</td>
<td>1432.53</td>
<td>286506</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3588</td>
<td>287070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1444.17</td>
<td>288834</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3663</td>
<td>293070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1504.5</td>
<td>300900</td>
<td>1401.81</td>
<td>280362</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3738</td>
<td>299070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.39</td>
<td>140678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>620.17</td>
<td>124034</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>717.31</td>
<td>143462</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1447</td>
<td>289400</td>
<td>1432.6</td>
<td>286520</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3589</td>
<td>287090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1441.74</td>
<td>288348</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3657</td>
<td>292590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1502</td>
<td>300400</td>
<td>1396.88</td>
<td>279376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3725</td>
<td>298090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.39</td>
<td>140678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>620.17</td>
<td>124034</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>717.31</td>
<td>143462</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1432.56</td>
<td>286512</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3588</td>
<td>287070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1436.7</td>
<td>287340</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3642</td>
<td>291390</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1386.84</td>
<td>277368</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3699</td>
<td>295950</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.39</td>
<td>140678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>620.17</td>
<td>124034</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>717.31</td>
<td>143462</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1432.7</td>
<td>286540</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1431.84</td>
<td>286368</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3630</td>
<td>290430</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1376.98</td>
<td>275396</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3676</td>
<td>294050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.39</td>
<td>140678</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>620.17</td>
<td>124034</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>717.31</td>
<td>143462</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.46</td>
<td>286492</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1446.6</td>
<td>289320</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3669</td>
<td>293550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1406.74</td>
<td>281348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3751</td>
<td>300050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.46</td>
<td>140692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>617.74</td>
<td>123548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>712.38</td>
<td>142476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1444.5</td>
<td>288900</td>
<td>1432.53</td>
<td>286506</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3588</td>
<td>287070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1444.17</td>
<td>288834</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3663</td>
<td>293070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1504.5</td>
<td>300900</td>
<td>1401.81</td>
<td>280362</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3738</td>
<td>299070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.46</td>
<td>140692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>617.74</td>
<td>123548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>712.38</td>
<td>142476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1447</td>
<td>289400</td>
<td>1432.6</td>
<td>286520</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3589</td>
<td>287090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1441.74</td>
<td>288348</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3657</td>
<td>292590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1502</td>
<td>300400</td>
<td>1396.88</td>
<td>279376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3725</td>
<td>298090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.46</td>
<td>140692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>617.74</td>
<td>123548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>712.38</td>
<td>142476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1432.56</td>
<td>286512</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3588</td>
<td>287070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1436.7</td>
<td>287340</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3642</td>
<td>291390</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1386.84</td>
<td>277368</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3699</td>
<td>295950</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.46</td>
<td>140692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>617.74</td>
<td>123548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>712.38</td>
<td>142476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1432.7</td>
<td>286540</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1431.84</td>
<td>286368</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3630</td>
<td>290430</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1376.98</td>
<td>275396</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3676</td>
<td>294050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.46</td>
<td>140692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>617.74</td>
<td>123548</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>712.38</td>
<td>142476</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1444.5</td>
<td>288900</td>
<td>1432.53</td>
<td>286506</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3588</td>
<td>287070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1444.17</td>
<td>288834</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3663</td>
<td>293070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1504.5</td>
<td>300900</td>
<td>1401.81</td>
<td>280362</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3738</td>
<td>299070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>715.5</td>
<td>143100</td>
<td>703.53</td>
<td>140706</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>615.31</td>
<td>123062</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>720.5</td>
<td>144100</td>
<td>707.45</td>
<td>141490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1447</td>
<td>289400</td>
<td>1432.6</td>
<td>286520</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3589</td>
<td>287090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1441.74</td>
<td>288348</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3657</td>
<td>292590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1502</td>
<td>300400</td>
<td>1396.88</td>
<td>279376</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3725</td>
<td>298090</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>715.5</td>
<td>143100</td>
<td>703.53</td>
<td>140706</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>615.31</td>
<td>123062</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>720.5</td>
<td>144100</td>
<td>707.45</td>
<td>141490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1432.56</td>
<td>286512</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3588</td>
<td>287070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1436.7</td>
<td>287340</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3642</td>
<td>291390</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1386.84</td>
<td>277368</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3699</td>
<td>295950</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>715.5</td>
<td>143100</td>
<td>703.53</td>
<td>140706</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>615.31</td>
<td>123062</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>720.5</td>
<td>144100</td>
<td>707.45</td>
<td>141490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1432.7</td>
<td>286540</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3587</td>
<td>287050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1431.84</td>
<td>286368</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3630</td>
<td>290430</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1376.98</td>
<td>275396</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3676</td>
<td>294050</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>715.5</td>
<td>143100</td>
<td>703.53</td>
<td>140706</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>615.31</td>
<td>123062</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>720.5</td>
<td>144100</td>
<td>707.45</td>
<td>141490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1460.1</td>
<td>292020</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3657</td>
<td>292590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>703.6</td>
<td>140720</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1455.06</td>
<td>291012</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3642</td>
<td>291390</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>703.6</td>
<td>140720</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1450.2</td>
<td>290040</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3630</td>
<td>290430</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>703.6</td>
<td>140720</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.1.109-2: Test frequencies for NR operating band n109 and
SCS 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p><strong>UL/DLCBW</strong></p>
<p><strong>Combination</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>CBW [MHz]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset Carrier CORESET#0</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/10</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1437</td>
<td>287400</td>
<td>1432.68</td>
<td>286536</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1433.46</td>
<td>286692</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3687</td>
<td>294990</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1512</td>
<td>302400</td>
<td>1326.24</td>
<td>265248</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3780</td>
<td>302430</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.68</td>
<td>140736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>532.24</td>
<td>106448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>721.52</td>
<td>144304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.66</td>
<td>286532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1430.94</td>
<td>286188</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3678</td>
<td>294270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1321.22</td>
<td>264244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3767</td>
<td>301450</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.68</td>
<td>140736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>532.24</td>
<td>106448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>721.52</td>
<td>144304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.82</td>
<td>286564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3590</td>
<td>287290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1428.6</td>
<td>285720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3672</td>
<td>293790</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1316.38</td>
<td>263276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3754</td>
<td>300290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.68</td>
<td>140736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>532.24</td>
<td>106448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>721.52</td>
<td>144304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1444.5</td>
<td>288900</td>
<td>1432.8</td>
<td>286560</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1426.08</td>
<td>285216</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3666</td>
<td>293310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1504.5</td>
<td>300900</td>
<td>1311.36</td>
<td>262272</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3741</td>
<td>299310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.68</td>
<td>140736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>532.24</td>
<td>106448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>721.52</td>
<td>144304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1447</td>
<td>289400</td>
<td>1432.96</td>
<td>286592</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1423.74</td>
<td>284748</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>292830</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1502</td>
<td>300400</td>
<td>1306.52</td>
<td>261304</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3731</td>
<td>298570</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.68</td>
<td>140736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>532.24</td>
<td>106448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>721.52</td>
<td>144304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1432.92</td>
<td>286584</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1418.7</td>
<td>283740</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3648</td>
<td>291870</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1296.48</td>
<td>259296</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>296430</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.68</td>
<td>140736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>532.24</td>
<td>106448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>721.52</td>
<td>144304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10/50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1433.06</td>
<td>286612</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3593</td>
<td>287530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1413.84</td>
<td>282768</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3636</td>
<td>290910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1286.62</td>
<td>257324</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3682</td>
<td>294530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>708</td>
<td>141600</td>
<td>703.68</td>
<td>140736</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>532.24</td>
<td>106448</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>728</td>
<td>145600</td>
<td>721.52</td>
<td>144304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1439.5</td>
<td>287900</td>
<td>1432.66</td>
<td>286532</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1430.94</td>
<td>286188</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3678</td>
<td>294270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1509.5</td>
<td>301900</td>
<td>1321.22</td>
<td>264244</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3767</td>
<td>301450</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.66</td>
<td>140732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>529.72</td>
<td>105944</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>716.5</td>
<td>143300</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.82</td>
<td>286564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3590</td>
<td>287290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1428.6</td>
<td>285720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3672</td>
<td>293790</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1316.38</td>
<td>263276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3754</td>
<td>300290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.66</td>
<td>140732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>529.72</td>
<td>105944</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>716.5</td>
<td>143300</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1444.5</td>
<td>288900</td>
<td>1432.8</td>
<td>286560</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1426.08</td>
<td>285216</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3666</td>
<td>293310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1504.5</td>
<td>300900</td>
<td>1311.36</td>
<td>262272</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3741</td>
<td>299310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.66</td>
<td>140732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>529.72</td>
<td>105944</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>716.5</td>
<td>143300</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1447</td>
<td>289400</td>
<td>1432.96</td>
<td>286592</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1423.74</td>
<td>284748</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>292830</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1502</td>
<td>300400</td>
<td>1306.52</td>
<td>261304</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3731</td>
<td>298570</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.66</td>
<td>140732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>529.72</td>
<td>105944</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>716.5</td>
<td>143300</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1432.92</td>
<td>286584</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1418.7</td>
<td>283740</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3648</td>
<td>291870</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1296.48</td>
<td>259296</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>296430</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.66</td>
<td>140732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>529.72</td>
<td>105944</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>716.5</td>
<td>143300</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15/50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1433.06</td>
<td>286612</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3593</td>
<td>287530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1413.84</td>
<td>282768</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3636</td>
<td>290910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1286.62</td>
<td>257324</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3682</td>
<td>294530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>710.5</td>
<td>142100</td>
<td>703.66</td>
<td>140732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>529.72</td>
<td>105944</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>725.5</td>
<td>145100</td>
<td>716.5</td>
<td>143300</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/20</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1442</td>
<td>288400</td>
<td>1432.82</td>
<td>286564</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3590</td>
<td>287290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1428.6</td>
<td>285720</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3672</td>
<td>293790</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1507</td>
<td>301400</td>
<td>1316.38</td>
<td>263276</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3754</td>
<td>300290</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.82</td>
<td>140764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>527.38</td>
<td>105476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>711.66</td>
<td>142332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1444.5</td>
<td>288900</td>
<td>1432.8</td>
<td>286560</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1426.08</td>
<td>285216</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3666</td>
<td>293310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1504.5</td>
<td>300900</td>
<td>1311.36</td>
<td>262272</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3741</td>
<td>299310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.82</td>
<td>140764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>527.38</td>
<td>105476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>711.66</td>
<td>142332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1447</td>
<td>289400</td>
<td>1432.96</td>
<td>286592</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1423.74</td>
<td>284748</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>292830</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1502</td>
<td>300400</td>
<td>1306.52</td>
<td>261304</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3731</td>
<td>298570</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.82</td>
<td>140764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>527.38</td>
<td>105476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>711.66</td>
<td>142332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1432.92</td>
<td>286584</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1418.7</td>
<td>283740</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3648</td>
<td>291870</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1296.48</td>
<td>259296</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>296430</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.82</td>
<td>140764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>527.38</td>
<td>105476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>711.66</td>
<td>142332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20/50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1433.06</td>
<td>286612</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3593</td>
<td>287530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1413.84</td>
<td>282768</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3636</td>
<td>290910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1286.62</td>
<td>257324</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3682</td>
<td>294530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>713</td>
<td>142600</td>
<td>703.82</td>
<td>140764</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>527.38</td>
<td>105476</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>723</td>
<td>144600</td>
<td>711.66</td>
<td>142332</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/25</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1444.5</td>
<td>288900</td>
<td>1432.8</td>
<td>286560</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1426.08</td>
<td>285216</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3666</td>
<td>293310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1504.5</td>
<td>300900</td>
<td>1311.36</td>
<td>262272</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3741</td>
<td>299310</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>715.5</td>
<td>143100</td>
<td>703.8</td>
<td>140760</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>524.86</td>
<td>104972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>720.5</td>
<td>144100</td>
<td>706.64</td>
<td>141328</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1447</td>
<td>289400</td>
<td>1432.96</td>
<td>286592</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3592</td>
<td>287330</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1423.74</td>
<td>284748</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>292830</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1502</td>
<td>300400</td>
<td>1306.52</td>
<td>261304</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3731</td>
<td>298570</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>715.5</td>
<td>143100</td>
<td>703.8</td>
<td>140760</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>524.86</td>
<td>104972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>720.5</td>
<td>144100</td>
<td>706.64</td>
<td>141328</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1452</td>
<td>290400</td>
<td>1432.92</td>
<td>286584</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>287310</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1418.7</td>
<td>283740</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3648</td>
<td>291870</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1497</td>
<td>299400</td>
<td>1296.48</td>
<td>259296</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>296430</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>715.5</td>
<td>143100</td>
<td>703.8</td>
<td>140760</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>524.86</td>
<td>104972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>720.5</td>
<td>144100</td>
<td>706.64</td>
<td>141328</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25/50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1457</td>
<td>291400</td>
<td>1433.06</td>
<td>286612</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3593</td>
<td>287530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1413.84</td>
<td>282768</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>3636</td>
<td>290910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1492</td>
<td>298400</td>
<td>1286.62</td>
<td>257324</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>3682</td>
<td>294530</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>25</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>715.5</td>
<td>143100</td>
<td>703.8</td>
<td>140760</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>524.86</td>
<td>104972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>720.5</td>
<td>144100</td>
<td>706.64</td>
<td>141328</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1460.46</td>
<td>292092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>292830</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>703.96</td>
<td>140792</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/40</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1455.42</td>
<td>291084</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3648</td>
<td>291870</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>703.96</td>
<td>140792</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30/50</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1474.5</td>
<td>294900</td>
<td>1450.56</td>
<td>290112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3636</td>
<td>290910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>718</td>
<td>143600</td>
<td>703.96</td>
<td>140792</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 4.3.1.1.2 NR inter-band CA configurations in FR1

###### 4.3.1.1.2.1 NR inter-band CA configurations in FR1 (two bands)

Table 4.3.1.1.2.1-1: Inter-band NR CA configurations (FR1, two bands)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NR CA   | Uplink  | NR CA   | NR CA   | NR CA   | NR CA   | App     |
|         | NR CA   | d       | d       | uplink  | uplink  | licable |
| config  |         | ownlink | ownlink | config  | config  | for     |
| uration | config  | config  | config  | uration | uration | p       |
|         | uration | uration | uration | band 1  | band 2  | rotocol |
|         |         | band 1  | band 2  |         |         | testing |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | (Note   |         |         |         | (Note   |
|         |         | 3)      |         |         |         | 2)      |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| CA\_    | CA\_    | n1A     | n3A     | n1A     | n3A     | Yes     |
| n1A-n3A | n1A-n3A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | CA\_    | n1A     | n8A     | n1A     | n8A     | Yes     |
| n1A-n8A | n1A-n8A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n1( | \-      | CA\     | n3A     | n1A     | n3A     | No      |
| 2A)-n3A |         | _n1(2A) |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | CA\_    | n1A     | n5A     | n1A     | n5A     | Yes     |
| n1A-n5A | n1A-n5A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n1( | \-      | CA\     | n5A     | \-      | \-      | No      |
| 2A)-n5A |         | _n1(2A) |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n1( | \-      | CA\     | n8A     | \-      | \-      | No      |
| 2A)-n8A |         | _n1(2A) |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n1A     | n28A    | n1A     | n28A    | Yes     |
| 1A-n28A | 1A-n28A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n1A     | n41A    | n1A     | n41A    | Yes     |
| 1A-n41A | 1A-n41A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | \-      | n1A     | n77A    | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| 1A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n1A     | n78A    | n1A     | n78A    | Yes     |
| 1A-n78A | 1A-n78A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n1A     | CA\_    | n1A     | n78A    | No      |
| A\_n1A- | 1A-n78A |         | n78(2A) |         |         |         |
| n78(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n1A     | C       | n1A     | n78A    | No      |
| 1A-n78C | 1A-n78A |         | A\_n78C |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | \-      | CA\     | n78A    | \-      | \-      | No      |
| A\_n1(2 |         | _n1(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n78A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n1A     | n79A    | n1A     | n79A    | Yes     |
| 1A-n79A | 1A-n79A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | CA\_    | n2A     | n5A     | n2A     | n5A     | Yes     |
| n2A-n5A | n2A-n5A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2( | CA\_    | CA\     | n5A     | n2A     | n5A     | No      |
| 2A)-n5A | n2A-n5A | _n2(2A) |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n2A     | n12A    | n2A     | n12A    | Yes     |
| 2A-n12A | 2A-n12A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n2A     | n14A    | n2A     | n14A    | Yes     |
| 2A-n14A | 2A-n14A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | CA\     | n14A    | n2A     | n14A    | No      |
| A\_n2(2 | 2A-n14A | _n2(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n14A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n2A     | n30A    | n2A     | n30A    | Yes     |
| 2A-n30A | 2A-n30A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | CA\     | n30A    | n2A     | n30A    | No      |
| A\_n2(2 | 2A-n30A | _n2(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n30A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n2A     | n48A    | n2A     | n48A    | Yes     |
| 2A-n48A | 2A-n48A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n2A     | CA\_    | n2A     | n48A    | No      |
| A\_n2A- | 2A-n48A |         | n48(2A) |         |         |         |
| n48(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n2A     | C       | n2A     | n48A    | No      |
| 2A-n48B | 2A-n48A |         | A\_n48B |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | C       | C       | n2A     | C       | \-      | No      |
| 2A-n48B | A\_n48B | A\_n48B |         | A\_n48B |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n2A     | n66A    | n2A     | n66A    | Yes     |
| 2A-n66A | 2A-n66A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | CA\     | n66A    | n2A     | n66A    | No      |
| A\_n2(2 | 2A-n66A | _n2(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n66A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n2A     | CA\_    | n2A     | n66A    | No      |
| A\_n2A- | 2A-n66A |         | n66(2A) |         |         |         |
| n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | CA\_n   | CA\     | CA\_    | n2A     | n66A    | No      |
| n2(2A)- | 2A-n66A | _n2(2A) | n66(2A) |         |         |         |
| n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n2A     | CA\_    | n2A     | n66A    | No      |
| A\_n2A- | 2A-n66A |         | n66(3A) |         |         |         |
| n66(3A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n2A     | n77A    | n2A     | n77A    | Yes     |
| 2A-n77A | 2A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n2A     | C       | n2A     | n77A    | No      |
| 2A-n77C | 2A-n77A |         | A\_n77C |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | C       | C       | n2A     | C       | \-      | No      |
| 2A-n77C | A\_n77C | A\_n77C |         | A\_n77C |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n2A     | CA\_    | n2A     | n77A    | No      |
| A\_n2A- | 2A-n77A |         | n77(2A) |         |         |         |
| n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | CA\     | n77A    | n2A     | n77A    | No      |
| A\_n2(2 | 2A-n77A | _n2(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | CA\_n   | CA\     | CA\_    | n2A     | n77A    | No      |
| n2(2A)- | 2A-n77A | _n2(2A) | n77(2A) |         |         |         |
| n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | CA\_    | n3A     | n5A     | n3A     | n5A     | Yes     |
| n3A-n5A | n3A-n5A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n3( | \-      | CA\     | n5A     | \-      | \-      | No      |
| 2A)-n5A |         | _n3(2A) |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | CA\_    | n3A     | n8A     | n3A     | n8A     | Yes     |
| n3A-n8A | n3A-n8A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n3( | \-      | CA\     | n8A     | \-      | \-      | No      |
| 2A)-n8A |         | _n3(2A) |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n3A     | n28A    | n3A     | n28A    | Yes     |
| 3A-n28A | 3A-n28A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n3A     | n40A    | n3A     | n40A    | Yes     |
| 3A-n40A | 3A-n40A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n3A     | n41A    | n3A     | n41A    | Yes     |
| 3A-n41A | 3A-n41A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n3A     | n77A    | n3A     | n77A    | Yes     |
| 3A-n77A | 3A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n3A     | CA\_    | n3A     | n77A    | No      |
| A\_n3A- | 3A-n77A |         | n77(2A) |         |         |         |
| n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_    | n3A     | CA\_    | \-      | CA\_    | No      |
| A\_n3A- | n77(2A) |         | n77(2A) |         | n77(2A) |         |
| n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n3A     | n78A    | n3A     | n78A    | Yes     |
| 3A-n78A | 3A-n78A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n3A     | CA\_    | n3A     | n78A    | No      |
| A\_n3A- | 3A-n78A |         | n78(2A) |         |         |         |
| n78(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | CA\_    | n3A     | CA\_    | \-      | CA\_    | No      |
|         | n78(2A) |         | n78(2A) |         | n78(2A) |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | \-      | CA\     | n78A    | \-      | \-      | No      |
| A\_n3(2 |         | _n3(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n78A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | \-      | n5A     | n7A     | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| n5A-n7A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n5A     | n30A    | n5A     | n30A    | Yes     |
| 5A-n30A | 5A-n30A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n5A     | n48A    | n5A     | n48A    | Yes     |
| 5A-n48A | 5A-n48A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | N5A     | CA\_    | n5A     | n48A    | No      |
| A\_n5A- | 5A-n48A |         | n48(2A) |         |         |         |
| n48(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n5A     | C       | n5A     | n48A    | No      |
| 5A-n48B | 5A-n48A |         | A\_n48B |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | C       | C       | n5A     | C       | \-      | No      |
| 5A-n48B | A\_n48B | A\_n48B |         | A\_n48B |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n5A     | n66A    | n5A     | n66A    | Yes     |
| 5A-n66A | 5A-n66A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n5A     | CA\_    | n5A     | n66A    | No      |
| A\_n5A- | 5A-n66A |         | n66(2A) |         |         |         |
| n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n5A     | CA\_    | n5A     | n66A    | No      |
| A\_n5A- | 5A-n66A |         | n66(3A) |         |         |         |
| n66(3A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **      | CA\_n   | **n5A** | *       | **n5A** | *       | Yes     |
| CA\_n5A | 5A-n77A |         | *n77A** |         | *n77A** |         |
| -n77A** |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **      | CA\_n   | **n5A** | **CA\   | **n5A** | *       | No      |
| CA\_n5A | 5A-n77A |         | _n77C** |         | *n77A** |         |
| -n77C** |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | C       | C       | n5A     | C       | \-      | No      |
| 5A-n77C | A\_n77C | A\_n77C |         | A\_n77C |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n5A     | CA\_    | n5A     | n77A    | No      |
| A\_n5A- | 5A-n77A |         | n77(2A) |         |         |         |
| n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n5A     | n78A    | n5A     | n78A    | Yes     |
| 5A-n78A | 5A-n78A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n5A     | CA\_    | n5A     | n78A    | No      |
| A\_n5A- | 5A-n78A |         | n78(2A) |         |         |         |
| n78(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | CA\_n5B | n77A    | n5A     | n77A    | No      |
| 5B-n77A | 5A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | CA\_n5B | C       | n5A     | n77A    | No      |
| 5B-n77C | 5A-n77A |         | A\_n77C |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | \-      | n7A     | n78A    | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| 7A-n78A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n   | n8A     | n78A    | n8A     | n78A    | Yes     |
| 8A-n78A | 8A-n78A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | CA\_n   | n8A     | CA\_    | n8A     | CA\_    | No      |
| A\_n8A- | 8A-n78A |         | n78(2A) |         | n78(2A) |         |
| n78(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n1  | CA\_n1  | n14A    | n30A    | n14A    | n30A    | Yes     |
| 4A-n30A | 4A-n30A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n1  | CA\_n1  | n14A    | n66A    | n14A    | n66A    | Yes     |
| 4A-n66A | 4A-n66A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n1  | n14A    | CA\_    | n14A    | n66A    | No      |
| \_n14A- | 4A-n66A |         | n66(2A) |         |         |         |
| n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n1  | n14A    | CA\_    | n14A    | n66A    | No      |
| \_n14A- | 4A-n66A |         | n66(3A) |         |         |         |
| n66(3A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n1  | CA\_n1  | n14A    | n77A    | n14A    | n77A    | Yes     |
| 4A-n77A | 4A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n1  | n14A    | CA\_    | n14A    | n77A    | No      |
| \_n14A- | 4A-n77A |         | n77(2A) |         |         |         |
| n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n20A    | n78A    | n20A    | n78A    | Yes     |
| 0A-n78A | 0A-n78A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n24A    | n41A    | n24A    | n41A    | Yes     |
| 4A-n41A | 4A-n41A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n2  | n24A    | CA\_    | n24A    | n41A    | No      |
| \_n24A- | 4A-n41A |         | n41(2A) |         |         |         |
| n41(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n24A    | n48A    | n24A    | n48A    | Yes     |
| 4A-n48A | 4A-n48A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n24A    | C       | n24A    | n48A    | No      |
| 4A-n48B | 4A-n48A |         | A\_n48B |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n2  | n24A    | CA\_    | n24A    | n48A    | No      |
| \_n24A- | 4A-n48A |         | n48(2A) |         |         |         |
| n48(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n24A    | n77A    | n24A    | n77A    | Yes     |
| 4A-n77A | 4A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n24A    | C       | n24A    | n77A    | No      |
| 4A-n77C | 4A-n77A |         | A\_n77C |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n25A    | n46A    | n25A    | n46A    | Yes     |
| 5A-n46A | 5A-n46A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n25A    | n66A    | n25A    | n66A    | Yes     |
| 5A-n66A | 5A-n66A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n25A    | n77A    | n25A    | n77A    | Yes     |
| 5A-n77A | 5A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\     | CA\_n2  | n25A    | CA\_    | n25A    | n77A    | No      |
| _n25A-n | 5A-n77A |         | n77(2A) |         |         |         |
| 77A(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n25A    | n78A    | n25A    | n78A    | Yes     |
| 5A-n78A | 5A-n78A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\     | CA\_n2  | n25A    | CA\_    | n25A    | n78A    | No      |
| _n25A-n | 5A-n78A |         | n78(2A) |         |         |         |
| 78A(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n26A    | n66A    | n26A    | n66A    | Yes     |
| 6A-n66A | 6A-n66A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n2  | n26A    | CA\_    | n26A    | n66A    | No      |
| \_n26A- | 6A-n66A |         | n66(2A) |         |         |         |
| n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n26A    | n70A    | n26A    | n70A    | Yes     |
| 6A-n70A | 6A-n70A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n28A    | n40A    | n28A    | n40A    | Yes     |
| 8A-n40A | 8A-n40A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n28A    | n41A    | n28A    | n41A    | Yes     |
| 8A-n41A | 8A-n41A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n28A    | C       | n28A    | n41A    | No      |
| 8A-n41C | 8A-n41A |         | A\_n41C |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | C       | n28A    | C       | \-      | C       | No      |
|         | A\_n41C |         | A\_n41C |         | A\_n41C |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n28A    | n77A    | n28A    | n77A    | Yes     |
| 8A-n77A | 8A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n2  | n28A    | CA\_    | n28A    | n77A    | No      |
| \_n28A- | 8A-n77A |         | n77(2A) |         |         |         |
| n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_    | n28A    | CA\_    | \-      | CA\_    | No      |
| \_n28A- | n77(2A) |         | n77(2A) |         | n77(2A) |         |
| n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n28A    | n78A    | n28A    | n78A    | Yes     |
| 8A-n78A | 8A-n78A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | CA\_n2  | n28A    | n79A    | n28A    | n79A    | Yes     |
| 8A-n79A | 8A-n79A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | \-      | n29A    | n66A    | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| 9A-n66A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | (Note   |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | 1)      |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | \-      | n29A    | C       | \-      | \-      | No      |
| 9B-n66B |         |         | A\_n66B |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | (Note   |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | 1)      |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | \-      | n29A    | CA\_    | \-      | \-      | No      |
| \_n29A- |         |         | n66(2A) |         |         |         |
| n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | (Note   |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | 1)      |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | \-      | n29A    | n70A    | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| 9A-n70A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | (Note   |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | 1)      |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n2  | \-      | n29A    | n71A    | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| 9A-n71A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | (Note   |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | 1)      |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n3  | CA\_n3  | n30A    | n66A    | n30A    | n66A    | Yes     |
| 0A-n66A | 0A-n66A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n3  | n30A    | CA\_    | n30A    | n66A    | No      |
| \_n30A- | 0A-n66A |         | n66(2A) |         |         |         |
| n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n3  | n30A    | CA\_    | n30A    | n66A    | No      |
| \_n30A- | 0A-n66A |         | n66(3A) |         |         |         |
| n66(3A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n3  | CA\_n3  | n30A    | n77A    | n30A    | n77A    | Yes     |
| 0A-n77A | 0A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n3  | n30A    | CA\_    | n30A    | n77A    | No      |
| \_n30A- | 0A-n77A |         | n77(2A) |         |         |         |
| n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n3  | CA\_n3  | n39A    | n41A    | n39A    | n41A    | Yes     |
| 9A-n41A | 9A-n41A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | CA\_n4  | n40A    | n77A    | n40A    | n77A    | Yes     |
| 0A-n77A | 0A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | \-      | n41A    | n66A    | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| 1A-n66A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | \-      | n41A    | n71A    | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| 1A-n71A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | CA\_n4  | n41A    | n77A    | n41A    | n77A    | Yes     |
| 1A-n77A | 1A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | CA\_n4  | n41A    | n79A    | n41A    | n79A    | Yes     |
| 1A-n79A | 1A-n79A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | C       | C       | n41A    | C       | \-      | No      |
| 1A-n79C | A\_n79C | A\_n79C |         | A\_n79C |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | CA\_n4  | C       | n79A    | n41A    | n79A    | No      |
| 1C-n79A | 1A-n79A | A\_n41C |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | C       | C       | n79A    | C       | \-      | No      |
|         | A\_n41C | A\_n41C |         | A\_n41C |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | \-      | C       | C       | \-      | \-      | No      |
| 1C-n79C |         | A\_n41C | A\_n79C |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | C       | C       | C       | C       | \-      | No      |
|         | A\_n41C | A\_n41C | A\_n79C | A\_n41C |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | C       | C       | C       | C       | \-      | No      |
|         | A\_n79C | A\_n79C | A\_n41C | A\_n79C |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | CA\_n4  | C       | C       | n41A    | n79A    | No      |
|         | 1A-n79A | A\_n41C | A\_n79C |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | CA\_n4  | n48A    | n66A    | n48A    | n66A    | Yes     |
| 8A-n66A | 8A-n66A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n4  | n48A    | CA\_    | n48A    | n66A    | No      |
| \_n48A- | 8A-n66A |         | n66(2A) |         |         |         |
| n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | CA\_n4  | n48A    | n70A    | n48A    | n70A    | Yes     |
| 8A-n70A | 8A-n70A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | CA\_n4  | n48A    | n71A    | n48A    | n71A    | Yes     |
| 8A-n71A | 8A-n71A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n4  | n48A    | CA\_    | n48A    | n71A    | No      |
| \_n48A- | 8A-n71A |         | n71(2A) |         |         |         |
| n71(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | \-      | n48A    | n77A    | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| 8A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | \-      | C       | n48A    | \-      | \-      | No      |
| 8A-n77C |         | A\_n77C |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | C       | C       | n48A    | C       | \-      | No      |
|         | A\_n77C | A\_n77C |         | A\_n77C |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | CA\_n4  | C       | n66A    | n48A    | n66A    | No      |
| 8B-n66A | 8A-n66A | A\_n48B |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | C       | C       | n66A    | C       | \-      | No      |
| 8B-n66A | A\_n48B | A\_n48B |         | A\_n48B |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | CA\_n4  | C       | n70A    | n48A    | n70A    | No      |
| 8B-n70A | 8A-n70A | A\_n48B |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | CA\_n4  | C       | n71A    | n48A    | n71A    | No      |
| 8B-n71A | 8A-n71A | A\_n48B |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n4  | \-      | n77A    | C       | \-      | \-      | No      |
| 8B-n77A |         |         | A\_n48B |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | C       | C       | n77A    | C       | \-      | No      |
|         | A\_n48B | A\_n48B |         | A\_n48B |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n4  | CA\_    | n66A    | n48A    | n66A    | No      |
| \_n48(2 | 8A-n66A | n48(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n66A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n4  | CA\_    | CA\_    | n48A    | n66A    | No      |
| 48(2A)- | 8A-n66A | n48(2A) | n66(2A) |         |         |         |
| n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n4  | CA\_    | n70A    | n48A    | n70A    | No      |
| \_n48(2 | 8A-n70A | n48(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n70A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n4  | CA\_    | n71A    | n48A    | n71A    | No      |
| \_n48(2 | 8A-n71A | n48(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n71A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n4  | CA\_    | CA\_    | n48A    | n71A    | No      |
| 48(2A)- | 8A-n71A | n48(2A) | n71(2A) |         |         |         |
| n71(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | \-      | n77A    | CA\_    | \-      | \-      | No      |
| \_n48(2 |         |         | n48(2A) |         |         |         |
| A)-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n6  | \-      | n66A    | n70A    | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| 6A-n70A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n6  | \-      | C       | n70A    | \-      | \-      | No      |
| 6B-n70A |         | A\_n66B |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | \-      | CA\_    | n70A    | \-      | \-      | No      |
| \_n66(2 |         | n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n70A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n6  | CA\_n6  | n66A    | n71A    | n66A    | n71A    | Yes     |
| 6A-n71A | 6A-n71A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n6  | n66A    | CA\_    | n66A    | n71A    | No      |
| \_n66A- | 6A-n71A |         | n71(2A) |         |         |         |
| n71(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n6  | CA\_n6  | C       | n71A    | n66A    | n71A    | No      |
| 6B-n71A | 6A-n71A | A\_n66B |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n6  | CA\_    | n71A    | n66A    | n71A    | No      |
| \_n66(2 | 6A-n71A | n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n71A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n6  | CA\_    | CA\_    | n66A    | n71A    | No      |
| 66(2A)- | 6A-n71A | n66(2A) | n71(2A) |         |         |         |
| n71(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **C     | CA\_n6  | *       | *       | *       | *       | Yes     |
| A\_n66A | 6A-n77A | *n66A** | *n77A** | *n66A** | *n77A** |         |
| -n77A** |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n6  | n66A    | CA\_    | n66A    | n77A    | No      |
| \_n66A- | 6A-n77A |         | n77(2A) |         |         |         |
| n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **C     | CA\_n6  | *       | **CA\   | *       | *       | No      |
| A\_n66A | 6A-n77A | *n66A** | _n77C** | *n66A** | *n77A** |         |
| -n77C** |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n6  | C       | C       | n66A    | C       | \-      | No      |
| 6A-n77C | A\_n77C | A\_n77C |         | A\_n77C |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n6  | CA\_    | n77A    | n66A    | n77A    | No      |
| \_n66(2 | 6A-n77A | n66(2A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n   | CA\_n6  | CA\_    | CA\_    | n66A    | n77A    | No      |
| 66(2A)- | 6A-n77A | n66(2A) | n77(2A) |         |         |         |
| n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n6  | CA\_    | n77A    | n66A    | n77A    | No      |
| \_n66(3 | 6A-n77A | n66(3A) |         |         |         |         |
| A)-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| **C     | CA\_n6  | *       | *       | *       | *       | Yes     |
| A\_n66A | 6A-n78A | *n66A** | *n78A** | *n66A** | *n78A** |         |
| -n78A** |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\     | CA\_n6  | n66A    | CA\_    | n66A    | n78A    | No      |
| _n66A-n | 6A-n78A |         | n78(2A) |         |         |         |
| 78A(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n7  | CA\_n7  | n70A    | n71A    | n70A    | n71A    | Yes     |
| 0A-n71A | 0A-n71A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA      | CA\_n7  | n70A    | CA\_    | n70A    | n71A    | No      |
| \_n70A- | 0A-n71A |         | n71(2A) |         |         |         |
| n71(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n7  | CA\_n7  | n71A    | n77A    | n71A    | n77A    | Yes     |
| 1A-n77A | 1A-n77A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\     | CA\_n7  | n71A    | CA\_    | n71A    | n77A    | No      |
| _n71A-n | 1A-n77A |         | n77(2A) |         |         |         |
| 77A(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n7  | CA\_n7  | n71A    | n78A    | n71A    | n78A    | Yes     |
| 1A-n78A | 1A-n78A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\     | CA\_n7  | n71A    | CA\_    | n71A    | n78A    | No      |
| _n71A-n | 1A-n78A |         | n78(2A) |         |         |         |
| 78A(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n7  | \-      | n77A    | n79A    | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| 7A-n79A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_n7  | \-      | n78A    | n79A    | \-      | \-      | Yes     |
| 8A-n79A |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| This    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| band is |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| used as |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PCell.  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Note 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| P       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rotocol |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| testing |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| limited |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to NR   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| CA      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| configu |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rations |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| with    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2CC.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Note 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| PCell   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| con     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| figured |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| on this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| band    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| unless  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ot      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| herwise |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| stated. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

###### 4.3.1.1.2.2 NR inter-band CA configurations in FR1 (three bands)

Table 4.3.1.1.2.2-1: Inter-band NR CA configurations within FR1 (three
bands)

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NR CA | U     | NR CA | NR CA | NR CA | NR CA | NR CA | NR CA | Appli |
|       | plink | dow   | dow   | dow   | u     | u     | u     | cable |
| con   | NR CA | nlink | nlink | nlink | plink | plink | plink | for   |
| figur |       | con   | con   | con   | con   | con   | con   | pro   |
| ation | con   | figur | figur | figur | figur | figur | figur | tocol |
|       | figur | ation | ation | ation | ation | ation | ation | te    |
| (Note | ation | band  | band  | band  | band  | band  | band  | sting |
| 3)    |       | 1     | 2     | 3     | 1     | 2     | 3     |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | (Note |
|       |       | (Note |       |       |       |       |       | 2)    |
|       |       | 4)    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | C     | n1A   | n3A   | n77A  | n1A   | n3A   | \-    | No    |
| A\_n1 | A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-n3A | A-n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n3A   | n77A  | n1A   | n3A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | C     | n1A   | n3A   | n78A  | n1A   | n3A   | \-    | No    |
| A\_n1 | A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-n3A | A-n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n1A   | n78A  | n3A   | n1A   | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n1A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n3A   | n78A  | n1A   | n3A   | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | C     | n1A   | n5A   | n78A  | n1A   | n5A   | \-    | No    |
| A\_n1 | A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-n5A | A-n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n1A   | n78A  | n5A   | n1A   | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n1A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n78A  | n1A   | n5A   | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | C     | n1A   | n8A   | n78A  | n1A   | n8A   | **-** | No    |
| A\_n1 | A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-n8A | A-n8A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n1A   | n78A  | n8A   | n1A   | n78A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n1A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n8A   | n78A  | n1A   | n8A   | n78A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n8A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA\   | n28A  | n77A  | n1A   | n28A  | n77A  | **-** | No    |
| \_n1A | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n28A | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n1A   | n28A  | n78A  | n1A   | n28A  | **-** | No    |
| \_n1A | \_n1A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n28A | -n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n1A   | n78A  | n28A  | n1A   | n78A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n1A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n28A  | n78A  | n1A   | n28A  | n78A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n1A   | n41A  | n77A  | n1A   | n41A  | **-** | No    |
| \_n1A | \_n1A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n41A | -n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n41A  | n77A  | n1A   | n41A  | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | C     | n2A   | n5A   | n48A  | n2A   | n5A   | **-** | No    |
| A\_n2 | A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-n5A | A-n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n48A  | n5A   | n2A   | n48A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n48A  | n2A   | n5A   | n48A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | C     | n2A   | n5A   | C     | n2A   | n5A   | **-** | No    |
| n2A-n | A\_n2 |       |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |
| 5A-n4 | A-n5A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | C     | n5A   | n2A   | n48A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n48A |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | C     | n2A   | n5A   | n48A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n48A |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | C     | n2A   | n5A   | CA\   | n2A   | n5A   | **-** | No    |
| A\_n2 | A\_n2 |       |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |
| A-n5A | A-n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n48B |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | CA\   | n5A   | n2A   | n48A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | CA\   | n2A   | n5A   | n48A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | n2A   | n5A   | n66A  | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | C     | n2A   | n5A   | n66A  | n2A   | n5A   | **-** | No    |
|       | A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | A-n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n66A  | n5A   | n2A   | n66A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n66A  | n2A   | n5A   | n66A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | C     | CA\_n | n5A   | n66A  | n2A   | n5A   | \-    | No    |
| n2(2A | A\_n2 | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| )-n5A | A-n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | CA\_n | n66A  | n5A   | n2A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n66A  | CA\_n | n5A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | C     | n2A   | n5A   | C     | n2A   | n5A   | \-    | No    |
| n2A-n | A\_n2 |       |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |
| 5A-n6 | A-n5A |       |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | C     | n5A   | n2A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | C     | n2A   | n5A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | C     | n2A   | n5A   | n77A  | n2A   | n5A   | \-    | No    |
| A\_n2 | A\_n2 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-n5A | A-n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n77A  | n5A   | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n77A  | n2A   | n5A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | n2A   | n5A   | CA\   | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| A\_n2 |       |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
| A-n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | C     | n2A   | n5A   | CA\   | n2A   | n5A   | \-    | No    |
|       | A\_n2 |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
|       | A-n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | CA\   | n5A   | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | CA\   | n2A   | n5A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | CA\   | n2A   | n5A   | CA\   | \-    | \-    | No    |
|       | _n77C | _n77C |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | C     | CA\_n | n5A   | n77A  | n2A   | n5A   | \-    | No    |
| n2(2A | A\_n2 | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| )-n5A | A-n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | CA\_n | n77A  | n5A   | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n77A  | CA\_n | n5A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_  | C     | n2A   | n5A   | C     | n2A   | n5A   | \-    | No    |
| n2A-n | A\_n2 |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| 5A-n7 | A-n5A |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | C     | n5A   | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | C     | n2A   | n5A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | \-    | n2A   | n14A  | n66A  | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n14A  | n66A  | n2A   | n14A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n66A  | n14A  | n2A   | n66A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | n66A  | n2A   | n14A  | n66A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | \-    | CA\_n | n14A  | n66A  | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| 2(2A) |       | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | CA\_n | n14A  | n66A  | n2A   | n14A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | CA\_n | n66A  | n14A  | n2A   | n66A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | n66A  | CA\_n | n14A  | n66A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       |       | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | \-    | n2A   | n14A  | C     | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| 2A-n1 |       |       |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |
| 4A-n6 |       |       |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n14A  | C     | n2A   | n14A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n14A |       |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | C     | n14A  | n2A   | n66A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | C     | n2A   | n14A  | n66A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | \-    | n2A   | n14A  | n77A  | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n14A  | n77A  | n2A   | n14A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n77A  | n14A  | n2A   | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | n77A  | n2A   | n14A  | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | \-    | CA\_n | n14A  | n77A  | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| 2(2A) |       | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | CA\_n | n14A  | n77A  | n2A   | n14A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | CA\_n | n77A  | n14A  | n2A   | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | n77A  | CA\_n | n14A  | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       |       | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | \-    | n2A   | n14A  | C     | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| 2A-n1 |       |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| 4A-n7 |       |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n14A  | C     | n2A   | n14A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n14A |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | C     | n14A  | n2A   | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | C     | n2A   | n14A  | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n2A   | n48A  | n66A  | n2A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n2A | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n48A | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n66A  | n48A  | n2A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n48A  | n2A   | n66A  | n48A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | CA    | n2A   | C     | n66A  | n2A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| 2A-n4 | \_n2A |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8(2A) | -n48A |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n66A  | C     | n2A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | C     | n2A   | n66A  | n48A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n48A |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n2A   | CA\   | n66A  | n2A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n2A | \_n2A |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n48B | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n66A  | CA\   | n2A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | CA\   | n2A   | n66A  | n48A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n48A |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n2A   | n48A  | n77A  | n2A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n2A | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n48A | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n77A  | n48A  | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | \-    | n2A   | n48A  | CA\   | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| \_n2A |       |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
| -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n48A  | CA\   | n2A   | n48A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | CA\   | n48A  | n2A   | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | CA\   | n2A   | n48A  | CA\   | \-    | **-** | No    |
|       | _n77C | _n77C |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | CA    | n2A   | C     | n77A  | n2A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| 2A-n4 | \_n2A |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8(2A) | -n48A |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n77A  | C     | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n2A   | CA\   | n77A  | n2A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n2A | \_n2A |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n48B | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n77A  | CA\   | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n2A   | n66A  | n77A  | n2A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n2A | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n77A  | n66A  | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n77A  | n2A   | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | \-    | n2A   | n66A  | CA\   | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| \_n2A |       |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n66A  | CA\   | n2A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | CA\   | n66A  | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | CA\   | n2A   | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | CA    | CA\_n | n66A  | n77A  | n2A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| 2(2A) | \_n2A | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | CA\_n | n77A  | n66A  | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n77A  | CA\_n | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       | 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | CA    | n2A   | n6    | n77A  | n2A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| 2A-n6 | \_n2A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | n77A  | n6    | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n6    | n77A  | n2A   | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | CA    | n2A   | n66A  | C     | n2A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| 2A-n6 | \_n2A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| 6A-n7 | -n66A |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n2A   | C     | n66A  | n2A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n2A |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | C     | n2A   | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | C     | n3A   | n5A   | n78A  | n3A   | n5A   | \-    | No    |
| A\_n3 | A\_n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-n5A | A-n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n3A   | n78A  | n5A   | n3A   | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n78A  | n3A   | n5A   | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA    | n3A   | n78A  | n8A   | n3A   | n78A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n3 | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-n8A | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | C     | n3A   | n8A   | n78A  | n3A   | n8A   | \-    | No    |
|       | A\_n3 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | A-n8A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n8A   | n78A  | n3A   | n8A   | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n8A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n3A   | n28A  | n40A  | n3A   | n28A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n3A | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n28A | -n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n40A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n3A   | n40A  | n28A  | n3A   | n40A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n40A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n28A  | n40A  | n3A   | n28A  | n40A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n40A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n3A   | n28A  | n41A  | n3A   | n28A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n3A | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n28A | -n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n3A   | n41A  | n28A  | n3A   | n41A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n28A  | n41A  | n3A   | n28A  | n41A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n3A   | n28A  | n77A  | n3A   | n28A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n3A | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n28A | -n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n3A   | n77A  | n28A  | n3A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n28A  | n77A  | n3A   | n28A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n3A   | n28A  | n78A  | n3A   | n28A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n3A | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n28A | -n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n3A   | n78A  | n28A  | n3A   | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n28A  | n78A  | n3A   | n28A  | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n3A   | n40A  | n77A  | n3A   | n40A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n3A | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n40A | -n40A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n3A   | n77A  | n40A  | n3A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n40A  | n77A  | n3A   | n40A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n40A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n3A   | n41A  | n77A  | n3A   | n41A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n3A | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n41A | -n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n3A   | n77A  | n41A  | n3A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n3A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n41A  | n77A  | n3A   | n41A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n5A   | n48A  | n66A  | n5A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n5A | \_n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n48A | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n66A  | n48A  | n5A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n48A  | n5A   | n66A  | n48A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | CA    | 5A    | C     | n66A  | n5A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| 5A-n4 | \_n5A |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8(2A) | -n48A |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n66A  | C     | n5A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | C     | n5A   | n66A  | n48A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n48A |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n5A   | CA\   | n66A  | n5A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n5A | \_n5A |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n48B | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n66A  | CA\   | n5A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | CA\   | n5A   | n66A  | n48A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n48A |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n5A   | n48A  | n77A  | n5A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n5A | \_n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n48A | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n77A  | n48A  | n5A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | \-    | n5A   | n48A  | CA\   | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| \_n5A |       |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
| -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n48A  | CA\   | n5A   | n48A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | CA\   | n48A  | n5A   | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | CA\   | n5A   | n48A  | CA\   | \-    | **-** | No    |
|       | _n77C | _n77C |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | CA    | n5A   | C     | n77A  | n5A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| 5A-n4 | \_n5A |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8(2A) | -n48A |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n77A  | C     | n5A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n5A   | CA\   | n77A  | n5A   | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n5A | \_n5A |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n48B | -n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n77A  | CA\   | n5A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | n5A   | n66A  | n77A  | n5A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n5A | \_n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n77A  | n66A  | n5A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n77A  | n5A   | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | \-    | n5A   | n66A  | CA\   | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| \_n5A |       |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n66A  | CA\   | n5A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | CA\   | n66A  | n5A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | CA\   | n5A   | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | CA\   | n5A   | n66A  | CA\   | \-    | **-** | No    |
|       | _n77C | _n77C |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | CA    | n5A   | n6    | n77A  | n5A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| 5A-n6 | \_n5A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | n77A  | n6    | n5A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n6    | n77A  | n5A   | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | CA    | n5A   | n66A  | C     | n5A   | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| 5A-n6 | \_n5A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| 6A-n7 | -n66A |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA    | n5A   | C     | n66A  | n5A   | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | \_n5A |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | C     | n5A   | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | n14A  | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| _n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | n66A  | n77A  | n14A  | n66A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | n77A  | n66A  | n14A  | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n77A  | n14A  | n66A  | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | n14A  | n6    | n77A  | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| A\_n1 |       |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4A-n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | n6    | n77A  | n14A  | n66A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | n77A  | n6    | n14A  | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n6    | n77A  | n14A  | n66A  | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n66A | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | n14A  | n66A  | C     | \-    | \-    | **-** | No    |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| 4A-n6 |       |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 6A-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | n66A  | C     | n14A  | n66A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n14A  | C     | n66A  | n14A  | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n14A |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | C     | n14A  | n66A  | n77A  | **-** | No    |
|       | _n66A |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n25A  | n66A  | n77A  | n25A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| _n25A | _n25A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n25A  | n77A  | n66A  | n25A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n25A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n77A  | n25A  | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | n25A  | n66A  | C     | n25A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n2 | _n25A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| 5A-n6 | -n66A |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 6A-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n25A  | n66A  | C     | n25A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n25A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n25A  | n66A  | C     | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA\   | n25A  | n66A  | n78A  | n25A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n25 | _n25A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-n66 | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n25A  | n78A  | n66A  | n25A  | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n25A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n78A  | n25A  | n66A  | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | n25A  | n66A  | C     | n25A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n2 | _n25A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| 5A-n6 | -n66A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 6A-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n25A  | n66A  | C     | n25A  | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n25A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n25A  | n66A  | C     | n66A  | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n26A  | n66A  | n70A  | n26A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| _n26A | _n26A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n26A  | n66A  | n70A  | n26A  | \-    | n70A  | No    |
|       | _n26A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | n26A  | C     | n70A  | n26A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n2 | _n26A |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6A-n6 | -n66A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n26A  | C     | n70A  | n26A  | \-    | n70A  | No    |
|       | _n26A |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n70A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n28A  | n40A  | n77A  | n28A  | n40A  | \-    | No    |
| _n28A | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n40A | -n40A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n28A  | n77A  | n40A  | n28A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n40A  | n77A  | n28A  | n40A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n40A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n28A  | n41A  | n77A  | n28A  | n41A  | \-    | No    |
| _n28A | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n41A | -n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n28A  | n77A  | n41A  | n28A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n41A  | n77A  | n28A  | n41A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n28A  | n41A  | n79A  | n28A  | n41A  |       | No    |
| _n28A | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n41A | -n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n79A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n28A  | n41A  | n79A  | n28A  |       | n79A  | No    |
| _n28A | _n28A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n41A | -n79A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n79A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n28A  | n41A  | n79A  |       | n41A  | n79A  | No    |
| _n28A | _n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n41A | -n79A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n79A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | n29A  | n66A  | n70A  | \-    | \-    | \-    | No    |
| _n29A |       | (N    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       | ote1) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | n29A  | CA\   | n70A  | \-    | \-    | \-    | No    |
| _n29A |       | (N    | _n66B |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66B |       | ote1) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | n29A  | C     | n70A  | \-    | \-    | \-    | No    |
| A\_n2 |       | (N    | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
| 9A-n6 |       | ote1) | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | n41A  | n66A  | n71A  | \-    | \-    | \-    | No    |
| _n41A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n48A  | n66A  | n70A  | n48A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| _n48A | _n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | n66A  | n70A  | n48A  | \-    | n70A  | No    |
|       | _n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n48A  | n66A  | n71A  | n48A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| _n48A | _n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | n66A  | n71A  | n48A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | n66A  | n71A  | \-    | n66A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | n48A  | n66A  | C     | n48A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n4 | _n48A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| 8A-n6 | -n66A |       |       | 1(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 6A-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | n66A  | C     | n48A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n48A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       | 1(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | n66A  | C     | \-    | n66A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       | 1(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | n48A  | C     | n70A  | n48A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n4 | _n48A |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8A-n6 | -n66A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | C     | n70A  | n48A  | \-    | n70A  | No    |
|       | _n48A |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n70A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | n48A  | C     | n71A  | n48A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n4 | _n48A |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8A-n6 | -n66A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | C     | n71A  | n48A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n48A |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | C     | n71A  | \-    | n66A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n66A |       | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n66A  | n48A  | n77A  | n66A  | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| _n48A | _n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n77A  | n48A  | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | n66A  | n48A  | CA\   | \-    | \-    | \-    | No    |
| _n48A |       |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n48A  | CA\   | n66A  | n48A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n48A |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | CA\   | n48A  | n66A  | n77A  |       | No    |
|       | _n66A |       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | CA\   | n66A  | n48A  | CA\   | \-    | \-    | No    |
|       | _n77C | _n77C |       |       | _n77C |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n48A  | n70A  | n71A  | n48A  | n70A  | \-    | No    |
| _n48A | _n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A | -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | n70A  | n71A  | n48A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n48A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | n70A  | n71A  | \-    | n70A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | n48A  | n70A  | C     | n48A  | n70A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n4 | _n48A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| 8A-n7 | -n70A |       |       | 1(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 0A-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | n70A  | C     | n48A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n48A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       | 1(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n48A  | n70A  | C     | \-    | n70A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n70A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       | 1(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | CA\   | n66A  | n70A  | n48A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| _n48B | _n48A | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | CA\   | n66A  | n70A  | n48A  | \-    | n70A  | No    |
|       | _n48A | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | CA\   | n66A  | n71A  | n48A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| _n48B | _n48A | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | CA\   | n66A  | n71A  | n48A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n48A | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | CA\   | n66A  | n71A  | \-    | n66A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n66A | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n66A  | CA\   | n77A  | n66A  | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| _n48B | _n48A |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A | -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n77A  | CA\   | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       | _n48B |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | CA\   | n70A  | n71A  | n48A  | n70A  | \-    | No    |
| _n48B | _n48A | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A | -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | CA\   | n70A  | n71A  | n48A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n48A | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | CA\   | n70A  | n71A  | \-    | n70A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n70A | _n48B |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | C     | n66A  | n70A  | n48A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n4 | _n48A | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8(2A) | -n66A | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | C     | n66A  | n70A  | n48A  | \-    | n70A  | No    |
|       | _n48A | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n70A | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | C     | n66A  | n71A  | n48A  | n66A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n4 | _n48A | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8(2A) | -n66A | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | C     | n66A  | n71A  | n48A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n48A | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | C     | n66A  | n71A  | \-    | n66A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n66A | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | n66A  | C     | n77A  | n66A  | n48A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n4 | _n48A |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8(2A) | -n66A |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n77A  | C     | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | C     | n70A  | n71A  | n48A  | n70A  | \-    | No    |
| A\_n4 | _n48A | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 8(2A) | -n70A | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | C     | n70A  | n71A  | n48A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n48A | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | C     | n70A  | n71A  | \-    | n70A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n70A | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n66A  | n70A  | n71A  | n66A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
| _n66A | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n70A  | n71A  | \-    | n70A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | n66A  | n70A  | C     | n66A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
| A\_n6 | _n66A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| 6A-n7 | -n71A |       |       | 1(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| 0A-n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n70A  | C     | \-    | n70A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n70A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       | 1(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | CA\   | n70A  | n71A  | n66A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
| _n66B | _n66A | _n66B |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | CA\   | n70A  | n71A  | \-    | n70A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n70A | _n66B |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | CA\   | C     | n70A  | n71A  | n66A  | \-    | n71A  | No    |
| A\_n6 | _n66A | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) | -n71A | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n70A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | C     | n70A  | n71A  | \-    | n70A  | n71A  | No    |
|       | _n70A | A\_n6 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n71A | 6(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n66A  | n71A  | n77A  | n66A  | n71A  | \-    | No    |
| _n66A | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n77A  | n71A  | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n71A  | n77A  | n66A  | n71A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA\   | n66A  | n71A  | C     | n66A  | n71A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n66 | _n66A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| A-n71 | -n71A |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| A-n77 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n71A  | C     | n66A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n71A  | C     | n71A  | n77A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n71A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n77A |       |       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | n66A  | n71A  | n78A  | n66A  | n71A  | \-    | No    |
| _n66A | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n71A | -n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n78A  | n71A  | n66A  | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n71A  | n78A  | n66A  | n71A  | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n71A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA\   | n66A  | n71A  | C     | n66A  | n71A  | \-    | No    |
| \_n66 | _n66A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
| A-n71 | -n71A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
| A-n78 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| A(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n71A  | C     | n66A  | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n66A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | n66A  | n71A  | C     | n71A  | n78A  | \-    | No    |
|       | _n71A |       |       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |
|       | -n78A |       |       | 8(2A) |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| This  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annot |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| used  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cell. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Pro   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tocol |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| te    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sting |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| li    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mited |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to NR |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| CA    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| conf  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igura |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3CC.  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| l     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| owest |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UL    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| used  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| as    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PCell |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| if    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| no    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| thing |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| else  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ified |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or in |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| test  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| case  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| spe   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cific |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| conf  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igura |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tion. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Note  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PCell |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| confi |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gured |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| on    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nless |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| othe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rwise |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| st    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ated. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

###### 4.3.1.1.2.3 NR inter-band CA configurations in FR1 (four bands)

Table 4.3.1.1.2.3-1: Inter-band NR CA configurations within FR1 (four
bands)

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>NR CA</p>
<p>configuration</p>
<p>(Note 3)</p></th>
<th><p>Uplink NR CA</p>
<p>configuration</p></th>
<th><p>NR CA downlink configuration band 1</p>
<p>(Note 1)</p></th>
<th>NR CA downlink configuration band 2</th>
<th>NR CA downlink configuration band 3</th>
<th>NR CA downlink configuration band 4</th>
<th>NR CA uplink configuration band 1</th>
<th>NR CA uplink configuration band 2</th>
<th>NR CA uplink configuration band 3</th>
<th>NR CA uplink configuration band 4</th>
<th><p>Applicable for protocol testing</p>
<p>(Note 2)</p></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n1A-n3A-n28A-n78A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n1A</td>
<td>n3A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n78A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n2A-n5A-n48A-n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n5A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n48A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n48A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n48A-n66A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n2A-n5A-n48A-n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n5A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n48A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n48A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n2A-n5A-n48A-n77C</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n5A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n48A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n48A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n2A-n5A-n66A-n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n5A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n66A-n77A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n2A-n5A-n66A-n77C</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n5A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n66A-n77A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n2A-n48A-n66A-n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n48A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n48A-n66A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n66A-n77A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n2A-n48A-n66A-n77C</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n48A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n2A-n77A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n48A-n66A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n66A-n77A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n2A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n3A-n28A-n40A-n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n3A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n40A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n3A-n28A</td>
<td>n3A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n40A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n3A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n3A-n40A</td>
<td>n3A</td>
<td>n40A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n3A</td>
<td>n40A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n3A-n77A</td>
<td>n3A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n40A</td>
<td>n3A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n28A-n40A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n40A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n40A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n28A-n77A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n3A</td>
<td>n40A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n40A-n77A</td>
<td>n40A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n3A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n40A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n28A-n41A-n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n3A</td>
<td>n28A</td>
<td>n41A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n5A-n48A-n66A-n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n48A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n48A-n66A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n66A-n77A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n5A-n48A-n66A-n77C</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n48A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n5A-n77A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n48A-n66A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n66A-n77A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>n5A</td>
<td>n48A</td>
<td>n66A</td>
<td>n77A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>No</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: PCell is configured on this band unless otherwise stated.</p>
<p>Note 2: Protocol testing is limited to NR CA configurations with 2CC.</p>
<p>Note 3: The band with the lowest UL frequency is used as PCell if nothing else is specified for in the table or in the test case for the specific configuration.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 4.3.1.1.3 NR intra-band contiguous CA in FR1

###### 4.3.1.1.3.1 -- 4.3.1.1.3.4 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.3.5 NR Intra-band contiguous configurations CA\_n5B

4.3.1.1.3.5.1 CA\_n5BEditor\'s note: Test frequencies for CA\_n5B with
mixed numerology with SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz; and SCS
CC1=30kHz and SCS CC2=15 kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.3.5.1-1: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration CA\_n5B
(PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), SCS 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW combination</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>CC</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CBW</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 4</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 4</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>871.5</td>
<td>174300</td>
<td>869.25</td>
<td>173850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2178</td>
<td>174270</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>855.89</td>
<td>171178</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2189</td>
<td>175210</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>881.8</td>
<td>176360</td>
<td>788.83</td>
<td>157766</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2206</td>
<td>176450</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>826.5</td>
<td>165300</td>
<td>824.25</td>
<td>164850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>738.53</td>
<td>147706</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>836.8</td>
<td>167360</td>
<td>833.47</td>
<td>166694</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=7.2 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>878.7</td>
<td>175740</td>
<td>874.02</td>
<td>174804</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2190</td>
<td>175230</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>883.7</td>
<td>176740</td>
<td>860.66</td>
<td>172132</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2201</td>
<td>176170</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>889</td>
<td>177800</td>
<td>793.6</td>
<td>158720</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2218</td>
<td>177410</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+5</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>874</td>
<td>174800</td>
<td>869.32</td>
<td>173864</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2179</td>
<td>174290</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>879</td>
<td>175800</td>
<td>855.96</td>
<td>171192</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2190</td>
<td>175230</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>884.3</td>
<td>176860</td>
<td>788.9</td>
<td>157780</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2204</td>
<td>176410</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>829</td>
<td>165800</td>
<td>824.32</td>
<td>164864</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>166800</td>
<td>738.6</td>
<td>147720</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>839.3</td>
<td>167860</td>
<td>833.54</td>
<td>166708</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=7.2 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>881.2</td>
<td>176240</td>
<td>878.95</td>
<td>175790</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2203</td>
<td>176210</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>886.2</td>
<td>177240</td>
<td>865.59</td>
<td>173118</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2214</td>
<td>177150</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>891.5</td>
<td>178300</td>
<td>798.53</td>
<td>159706</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2228</td>
<td>178330</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>871.5</td>
<td>174300</td>
<td>869.25</td>
<td>173850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2178</td>
<td>174270</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>874</td>
<td>174800</td>
<td>853.39</td>
<td>170678</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2185</td>
<td>174770</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>103</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>876.9</td>
<td>175380</td>
<td>783.93</td>
<td>156786</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2193</td>
<td>175470</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>826.5</td>
<td>165300</td>
<td>824.25</td>
<td>164850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>829</td>
<td>165800</td>
<td>736.03</td>
<td>147206</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>831.9</td>
<td>166380</td>
<td>828.57</td>
<td>165714</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=9.6 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>881.1</td>
<td>176220</td>
<td>873.99</td>
<td>174798</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2190</td>
<td>175230</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>883.6</td>
<td>176720</td>
<td>858.13</td>
<td>171626</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2197</td>
<td>175730</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>886.5</td>
<td>177300</td>
<td>788.67</td>
<td>157734</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2205</td>
<td>176430</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+5</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>869.39</td>
<td>173878</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2177</td>
<td>174250</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>879</td>
<td>175800</td>
<td>853.53</td>
<td>170706</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2184</td>
<td>174750</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>881.9</td>
<td>176380</td>
<td>784.07</td>
<td>156814</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2192</td>
<td>175450</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>824.39</td>
<td>164878</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>166800</td>
<td>736.17</td>
<td>147234</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>836.9</td>
<td>167380</td>
<td>828.71</td>
<td>165742</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=9.6 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>886.1</td>
<td>177220</td>
<td>883.85</td>
<td>176770</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2213</td>
<td>177130</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>888.6</td>
<td>177720</td>
<td>867.99</td>
<td>173598</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2220</td>
<td>177630</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>891.5</td>
<td>178300</td>
<td>798.53</td>
<td>159706</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2228</td>
<td>178330</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5+5</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>871.5</td>
<td>174300</td>
<td>869.25</td>
<td>173850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2178</td>
<td>174270</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>879</td>
<td>175800</td>
<td>858.39</td>
<td>171678</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2196</td>
<td>175710</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>886.7</td>
<td>177340</td>
<td>793.73</td>
<td>158746</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2216</td>
<td>177370</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>826.5</td>
<td>165300</td>
<td>824.25</td>
<td>164850</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>834</td>
<td>166800</td>
<td>741.03</td>
<td>148206</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>841.7</td>
<td>168340</td>
<td>838.37</td>
<td>167674</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=4.8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>876.3</td>
<td>175260</td>
<td>874.05</td>
<td>174810</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2190</td>
<td>175230</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>883.8</td>
<td>176760</td>
<td>863.19</td>
<td>172638</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2214</td>
<td>177150</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>6 (12)</td>
<td>115</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>891.5</td>
<td>178300</td>
<td>798.53</td>
<td>159706</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2234</td>
<td>178810</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>7 (16)</td>
<td>520</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>874</td>
<td>174800</td>
<td>869.32</td>
<td>173864</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2179</td>
<td>174290</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>853.46</td>
<td>170692</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2183</td>
<td>174730</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>879.1</td>
<td>175820</td>
<td>783.7</td>
<td>156740</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2191</td>
<td>175250</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>829</td>
<td>165800</td>
<td>824.32</td>
<td>164864</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>736.1</td>
<td>147220</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>834.1</td>
<td>166820</td>
<td>828.34</td>
<td>165668</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=9.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>883.9</td>
<td>176780</td>
<td>879.22</td>
<td>175844</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2203</td>
<td>176210</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>886.4</td>
<td>177280</td>
<td>863.36</td>
<td>172672</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2210</td>
<td>176890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>889</td>
<td>177800</td>
<td>793.6</td>
<td>158720</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2218</td>
<td>177410</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.3.5.1-2: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration CA\_n5B
(PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), SCS 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>CBW combination</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>CC</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CBW</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 4</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 4</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>874</td>
<td>174800</td>
<td>869.68</td>
<td>173936</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2182</td>
<td>174530</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>876.5</td>
<td>175300</td>
<td>835.46</td>
<td>167092</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2192</td>
<td>175450</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>8 (18)</td>
<td>222</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>879.1</td>
<td>175820</td>
<td>693.34</td>
<td>138668</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2200</td>
<td>175970</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>8 (18)</td>
<td>1026</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>829</td>
<td>165800</td>
<td>824.68</td>
<td>164936</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>831.5</td>
<td>166300</td>
<td>645.74</td>
<td>129148</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>834.1</td>
<td>166820</td>
<td>827.62</td>
<td>165524</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=9.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>883.9</td>
<td>176780</td>
<td>879.58</td>
<td>175916</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>2212</td>
<td>176930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>8 (18)</td>
<td>18</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>886.4</td>
<td>177280</td>
<td>845.36</td>
<td>169072</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>2213</td>
<td>177130</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>213</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>889</td>
<td>177800</td>
<td>703.24</td>
<td>140648</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>2221</td>
<td>177650</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1017</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 4.3.1.1.3.6 -- 4.3.1.1.3.39 FFS {#ffs-10 .H6}

###### 4.3.1.1.3.40 NR Intra-band contiguous configurations CA\_n40

###### 4.3.1.1.3.40.1 CA\_n40B

Editor\'s note: CA\_n40B Test frequencies are FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.3.40.1-1: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n40B (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), CC1 SCS = 15kHz, CC2 SCS = 15kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>CBW combination</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>CC</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.3.40.1-2: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n40B (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), CC1 SCS = 30kHz, CC2 SCS = 30kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>CBW combination</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>CC</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.3.41 NR Intra-band contiguous configurations CA\_n41

######  4.3.1.1.3.41.1 CA\_n41C

Editor\'s note: Test frequencies for CA\_n41C with mixed numerology with
SCS CC1=15 kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60 kHz; and SCS CC1=30 kHz and SCS
CC2= 30 kHz or 60kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.3.41.1-1: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n41C (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), CC1 SCS = 30kHz, CC2 SCS = 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW combination</th>
<th><p>CC</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2516.01</td>
<td>503202</td>
<td>2496.93</td>
<td>499386</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2553</td>
<td>510600</td>
<td>2497.2</td>
<td>499440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6345</td>
<td>507630</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2590.17</td>
<td>518034</td>
<td>2389.65</td>
<td>477930</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6438</td>
<td>515070</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=59.82 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2575.83</td>
<td>515166</td>
<td>2536.77</td>
<td>507354</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6351</td>
<td>508110</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2612.82</td>
<td>522564</td>
<td>2537.04</td>
<td>507408</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6444</td>
<td>515550</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2649.99</td>
<td>529998</td>
<td>2429.49</td>
<td>485898</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6537</td>
<td>522990</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2516.01</td>
<td>503202</td>
<td>2496.93</td>
<td>499386</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2543.01</td>
<td>508602</td>
<td>2487.21</td>
<td>497442</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6321</td>
<td>505710</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2570.28</td>
<td>514056</td>
<td>2369.76</td>
<td>473952</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6387</td>
<td>510990</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=69.72 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2585.73</td>
<td>517146</td>
<td>2536.59</td>
<td>507318</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6351</td>
<td>508110</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2612.73</td>
<td>522546</td>
<td>2526.87</td>
<td>505374</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6420</td>
<td>513630</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>528000</td>
<td>2409.42</td>
<td>481884</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6486</td>
<td>518910</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2521.02</td>
<td>504204</td>
<td>2497.08</td>
<td>499416</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2562.99</td>
<td>512598</td>
<td>2502.33</td>
<td>500466</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6357</td>
<td>508590</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2605.02</td>
<td>521004</td>
<td>2399.64</td>
<td>479928</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6462</td>
<td>516990</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=54.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2575.98</td>
<td>515196</td>
<td>2546.82</td>
<td>509364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6378</td>
<td>510270</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2617.95</td>
<td>523590</td>
<td>2552.07</td>
<td>510414</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6483</td>
<td>518670</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2659.98</td>
<td>531996</td>
<td>2449.38</td>
<td>489876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6588</td>
<td>527070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2521.02</td>
<td>504204</td>
<td>2497.08</td>
<td>499416</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2553</td>
<td>510600</td>
<td>2492.34</td>
<td>498468</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6333</td>
<td>506670</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2585.13</td>
<td>517026</td>
<td>2379.75</td>
<td>475950</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6414</td>
<td>513150</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=64.86 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2585.88</td>
<td>517176</td>
<td>2546.82</td>
<td>509364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6378</td>
<td>510270</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2617.86</td>
<td>523572</td>
<td>2542.08</td>
<td>508416</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6456</td>
<td>516510</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2649.99</td>
<td>529998</td>
<td>2429.49</td>
<td>485898</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6537</td>
<td>522990</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2521.02</td>
<td>504204</td>
<td>2497.08</td>
<td>499416</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2543.01</td>
<td>508602</td>
<td>2482.35</td>
<td>496470</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6309</td>
<td>504750</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2565.24</td>
<td>513048</td>
<td>2359.86</td>
<td>471972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6363</td>
<td>509070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=74.76 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2595.78</td>
<td>519156</td>
<td>2546.64</td>
<td>509328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6378</td>
<td>510270</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3(3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2617.77</td>
<td>523554</td>
<td>2531.91</td>
<td>506382</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6432</td>
<td>514590</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2(2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>528000</td>
<td>2409.42</td>
<td>481884</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6486</td>
<td>518910</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0(0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2526</td>
<td>505200</td>
<td>2496.84</td>
<td>499368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2568</td>
<td>513600</td>
<td>2502.12</td>
<td>500424</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6357</td>
<td>508590</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2610.03</td>
<td>522006</td>
<td>2399.43</td>
<td>479886</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6462</td>
<td>516990</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=54.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2580.96</td>
<td>516192</td>
<td>2557.02</td>
<td>511404</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6402</td>
<td>512190</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2622.96</td>
<td>524592</td>
<td>2562.3</td>
<td>512460</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6507</td>
<td>520590</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2664.99</td>
<td>532998</td>
<td>2459.61</td>
<td>491922</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6612</td>
<td>528990</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2526</td>
<td>505200</td>
<td>2496.84</td>
<td>499368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2562.99</td>
<td>512598</td>
<td>2497.11</td>
<td>499422</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6345</td>
<td>507630</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2599.98</td>
<td>519996</td>
<td>2389.38</td>
<td>477876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6438</td>
<td>515070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=60 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2586</td>
<td>517200</td>
<td>2556.84</td>
<td>511368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6402</td>
<td>512190</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2622.99</td>
<td>524598</td>
<td>2557.11</td>
<td>511422</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6495</td>
<td>519630</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2659.98</td>
<td>531996</td>
<td>2449.38</td>
<td>489876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6588</td>
<td>527070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2526</td>
<td>505200</td>
<td>2496.84</td>
<td>499368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2553</td>
<td>510600</td>
<td>2487.12</td>
<td>497424</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6321</td>
<td>505710</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2580.09</td>
<td>516018</td>
<td>2369.49</td>
<td>473898</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6387</td>
<td>510990</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=69.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2595.9</td>
<td>519180</td>
<td>2556.84</td>
<td>511368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6402</td>
<td>512190</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2622.9</td>
<td>524580</td>
<td>2547.12</td>
<td>509424</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6471</td>
<td>517710</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2649.99</td>
<td>529998</td>
<td>2429.49</td>
<td>485898</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6537</td>
<td>522990</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2526</td>
<td>505200</td>
<td>2496.84</td>
<td>499368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2543.01</td>
<td>508602</td>
<td>2477.13</td>
<td>495426</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6294</td>
<td>503550</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2560.2</td>
<td>512040</td>
<td>2349.6</td>
<td>469920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6339</td>
<td>507150</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=79.8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2605.8</td>
<td>521160</td>
<td>2556.66</td>
<td>511332</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6402</td>
<td>512190</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2622.81</td>
<td>524562</td>
<td>2536.95</td>
<td>507390</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6444</td>
<td>515550</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>528000</td>
<td>2409.42</td>
<td>481884</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6486</td>
<td>518910</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2536.02</td>
<td>507204</td>
<td>2496.96</td>
<td>499392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2573.01</td>
<td>514602</td>
<td>2497.23</td>
<td>499446</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6345</td>
<td>507630</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2610.18</td>
<td>522036</td>
<td>2389.68</td>
<td>477936</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6438</td>
<td>515070</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=59.82 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2595.84</td>
<td>519168</td>
<td>2576.76</td>
<td>515352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6453</td>
<td>516270</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2632.83</td>
<td>526566</td>
<td>2577.03</td>
<td>515406</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6543</td>
<td>523470</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2670</td>
<td>534000</td>
<td>2469.48</td>
<td>493896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6636</td>
<td>530910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2536.02</td>
<td>507204</td>
<td>2496.96</td>
<td>499392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2568</td>
<td>513600</td>
<td>2492.22</td>
<td>498444</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6333</td>
<td>506670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2600.13</td>
<td>520026</td>
<td>2379.63</td>
<td>475926</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6414</td>
<td>513150</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=64.86 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2600.88</td>
<td>520176</td>
<td>2576.94</td>
<td>515388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6453</td>
<td>516270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2632.86</td>
<td>526572</td>
<td>2572.2</td>
<td>514440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6531</td>
<td>522510</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2664.99</td>
<td>532998</td>
<td>2459.61</td>
<td>491922</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6612</td>
<td>528990</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2536.02</td>
<td>507204</td>
<td>2496.96</td>
<td>499392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2562.99</td>
<td>512598</td>
<td>2487.21</td>
<td>497442</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6321</td>
<td>505710</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2590.08</td>
<td>518016</td>
<td>2369.58</td>
<td>473916</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6387</td>
<td>510990</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=69.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2605.92</td>
<td>521184</td>
<td>2576.76</td>
<td>515352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6453</td>
<td>516270</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2632.89</td>
<td>526578</td>
<td>2567.01</td>
<td>513402</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6519</td>
<td>521550</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2659.98</td>
<td>531996</td>
<td>2449.38</td>
<td>489876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6588</td>
<td>527070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2536.02</td>
<td>507204</td>
<td>2496.96</td>
<td>499392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2553</td>
<td>510600</td>
<td>2477.22</td>
<td>495444</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6294</td>
<td>503550</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2570.01</td>
<td>514002</td>
<td>2349.51</td>
<td>469902</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6336</td>
<td>506910</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=79.98 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2616</td>
<td>523200</td>
<td>2576.94</td>
<td>515388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6453</td>
<td>516270</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2632.98</td>
<td>526596</td>
<td>2557.2</td>
<td>511440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6495</td>
<td>519630</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2649.99</td>
<td>529998</td>
<td>2429.49</td>
<td>485898</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6537</td>
<td>522990</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2536.02</td>
<td>507204</td>
<td>2496.96</td>
<td>499392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2543.01</td>
<td>508602</td>
<td>2467.23</td>
<td>493446</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6270</td>
<td>501630</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2550.12</td>
<td>510024</td>
<td>2329.62</td>
<td>465924</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6288</td>
<td>503070</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=89.88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2625.9</td>
<td>525180</td>
<td>2576.76</td>
<td>515352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6453</td>
<td>516270</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2632.89</td>
<td>526578</td>
<td>2547.03</td>
<td>509406</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6468</td>
<td>517470</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2640</td>
<td>528000</td>
<td>2409.42</td>
<td>481884</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6486</td>
<td>518910</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2546.01</td>
<td>509202</td>
<td>2496.87</td>
<td>499374</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2573.01</td>
<td>514602</td>
<td>2487.15</td>
<td>497430</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6321</td>
<td>505710</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2600.28</td>
<td>520056</td>
<td>2369.7</td>
<td>473940</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6387</td>
<td>510990</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=69.72 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2615.73</td>
<td>523146</td>
<td>2596.65</td>
<td>519330</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6501</td>
<td>520110</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2642.73</td>
<td>528546</td>
<td>2586.93</td>
<td>517386</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6570</td>
<td>525630</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2670</td>
<td>534000</td>
<td>2469.48</td>
<td>493896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6636</td>
<td>530910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2546.01</td>
<td>509202</td>
<td>2496.87</td>
<td>499374</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2568</td>
<td>513600</td>
<td>2482.14</td>
<td>496428</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6306</td>
<td>504510</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2590.23</td>
<td>518046</td>
<td>2359.65</td>
<td>471930</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6363</td>
<td>509070</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=74.76 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2620.77</td>
<td>524154</td>
<td>2596.83</td>
<td>519366</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6501</td>
<td>520110</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2642.76</td>
<td>528552</td>
<td>2582.1</td>
<td>516420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6558</td>
<td>524670</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2664.99</td>
<td>532998</td>
<td>2459.61</td>
<td>491922</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6612</td>
<td>528990</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2546.01</td>
<td>509202</td>
<td>2496.87</td>
<td>499374</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2562.99</td>
<td>512598</td>
<td>2477.13</td>
<td>495426</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6294</td>
<td>503550</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2580.18</td>
<td>516036</td>
<td>2349.6</td>
<td>469920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6339</td>
<td>507150</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=79.8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2625.81</td>
<td>525162</td>
<td>2596.65</td>
<td>519330</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6501</td>
<td>520110</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2642.79</td>
<td>528558</td>
<td>2576.91</td>
<td>515382</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6543</td>
<td>523470</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2659.98</td>
<td>531996</td>
<td>2449.38</td>
<td>489876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6588</td>
<td>527070</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2546.01</td>
<td>509202</td>
<td>2496.87</td>
<td>499374</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6252</td>
<td>500190</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2553</td>
<td>510600</td>
<td>2467.14</td>
<td>493428</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6270</td>
<td>501630</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2560.11</td>
<td>512022</td>
<td>2329.53</td>
<td>465906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6288</td>
<td>503070</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=89.88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2635.89</td>
<td>527178</td>
<td>2596.83</td>
<td>519366</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>6501</td>
<td>520110</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2642.88</td>
<td>528576</td>
<td>2567.1</td>
<td>513420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>6519</td>
<td>521550</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2649.99</td>
<td>529998</td>
<td>2429.49</td>
<td>485898</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>6537</td>
<td>522990</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

######  4.3.1.1.3.42 -- 4.3.1.1.3.47 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.3.48 NR Intra-band contiguous configurations CA\_n48

###### 4.3.1.1.3.48.1 CA\_n48B

Editor\'s note: Test frequencies for CA\_n48B with mixed numerology with
SCS CC1=15 kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60 kHz; and SCS CC1=30 kHz and SCS
CC2= 15 kHz or 60kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.3.48.1-1: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n48B (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), CC1 SCS = 15kHz, CC2 SCS = 15kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>CBW combination</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>(BCS)</p></th>
<th><p>CC</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5 + 15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3552.525</td>
<td>636835</td>
<td>3550.275</td>
<td>636685</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>(Note 5)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3617.505</td>
<td>641167</td>
<td>3596.895</td>
<td>639793</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3682.635</td>
<td>645509</td>
<td>3589.665</td>
<td>639311</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=9.855 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3562.38</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637492</td>
<td>3555.27</td>
<td>637018</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7888</td>
<td>637344</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3627.36</td>
<td>641824</td>
<td>3601.89</td>
<td>640126</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>108</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3594.66</td>
<td>639644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>508</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>5+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3552.525</td>
<td>636835</td>
<td>3550.275</td>
<td>636685</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>(Note 5)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3614.985</td>
<td>640999</td>
<td>3612.735</td>
<td>640849</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3677.715</td>
<td>645181</td>
<td>3584.745</td>
<td>638983</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=12.285 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3564.81</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637654</td>
<td>3555.27</td>
<td>637018</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7888</td>
<td>637344</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3627.27</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>641818</td>
<td>3599.37</td>
<td>639958</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7931</td>
<td>641472</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3589.74</td>
<td>639316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>511</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.32</td>
<td>636688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3619.98</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>641332</td>
<td>3596.94</td>
<td>639796</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7930</td>
<td>641376</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>111</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note 6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td><p>3685.02</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>645668</td>
<td>3589.62</td>
<td>639308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>512</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=9.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3564.96</td>
<td>637664</td>
<td>3560.28</td>
<td>637352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.94</td>
<td>641996</td>
<td>3606.9</td>
<td>640460</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7936</td>
<td>641952</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>104</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3599.58</td>
<td>639972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.32</td>
<td>636688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3617.49</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3594.45</td>
<td>639630</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7928</td>
<td>641184</td>
<td>6</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>109</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note 6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3680.01</td>
<td>645334</td>
<td>3584.61</td>
<td>638974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7971</td>
<td>645312</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=12.48 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3567.48</td>
<td>637832</td>
<td>3560.37</td>
<td>637358</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.97</td>
<td>641998</td>
<td>3604.5</td>
<td>640300</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7935</td>
<td>641856</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>109</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3594.66</td>
<td>639644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.32</td>
<td>636688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3591.96</td>
<td>639464</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note 6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675.36</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>3579.96</td>
<td>638664</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=14.64 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3569.64</td>
<td>637976</td>
<td>3560.1</td>
<td>637340</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.64</td>
<td>641976</td>
<td>3601.74</td>
<td>640116</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>109</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3589.74</td>
<td>639316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10+30</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.32</td>
<td>636688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3609.99</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>3586.95</td>
<td>639130</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7923</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>111</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3665.31</td>
<td>644354</td>
<td>3569.91</td>
<td>637994</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=19.68 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3574.68</td>
<td>638312</td>
<td>3560.28</td>
<td>637352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.67</td>
<td>641978</td>
<td>3596.91</td>
<td>639794</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7930</td>
<td>641376</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>111</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3579.87</td>
<td>638658</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.32</td>
<td>636688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3604.98</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>640332</td>
<td>3581.94</td>
<td>638796</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td><p>3655.62</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>643708</td>
<td>3560.22</td>
<td>637348</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>507</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.36 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3579.36</td>
<td>638624</td>
<td>3559.92</td>
<td>637328</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.34</td>
<td>641956</td>
<td>3591.54</td>
<td>639436</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>109</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3569.82</td>
<td>637988</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>510</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.32</td>
<td>636688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3576.96</td>
<td>638464</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7916</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>110</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3645.6</td>
<td>643040</td>
<td>3550.2</td>
<td>636680</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=29.4 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td><p>50</p>
<p>Note 7</p></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3584.4</td>
<td>638960</td>
<td>3560.1</td>
<td>637340</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.4</td>
<td>641960</td>
<td>3586.74</td>
<td>639116</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640608</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3559.98</td>
<td>637332</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3557.52</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.41</td>
<td>636694</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3619.98</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>641332</td>
<td>3594.51</td>
<td>639634</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7928</td>
<td>641184</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>109</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td><p>3682.5</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>645500</td>
<td>3584.67</td>
<td>638978</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7971</td>
<td>645312</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>507</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=12.48 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3565.32</td>
<td>637688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>7</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.46</td>
<td>642164</td>
<td>3609.42</td>
<td>640628</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7938</td>
<td>642144</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>106</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3599.58</td>
<td>639972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3557.52</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.41</td>
<td>636694</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3617.49</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3592.02</td>
<td>639468</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note 6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3677.49</td>
<td>645166</td>
<td>3579.66</td>
<td>638644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=15 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3572.52</td>
<td>638168</td>
<td>3565.41</td>
<td>637694</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>6</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.49</td>
<td>642166</td>
<td>3607.02</td>
<td>640468</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7937</td>
<td>642048</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>111</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3594.66</td>
<td>639644</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>508</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.41</td>
<td>636694</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3589.53</td>
<td>639302</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7924</td>
<td>640800</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note 6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3672.84</td>
<td>644856</td>
<td>3575.01</td>
<td>638334</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7965</td>
<td>644736</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=17.16 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3574.68</td>
<td>638312</td>
<td>3565.14</td>
<td>637676</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>8</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.16</td>
<td>642144</td>
<td>3604.26</td>
<td>640284</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7935</td>
<td>641856</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>111</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3589.74</td>
<td>639316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15+30</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3557.52</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.41</td>
<td>636694</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3609.99</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>3584.52</td>
<td>638968</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7921</td>
<td>640512</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>108</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3662.79</td>
<td>644186</td>
<td>3564.96</td>
<td>637664</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7958</td>
<td>644064</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=22.2 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3579.72</td>
<td>638648</td>
<td>3565.32</td>
<td>637688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>7</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.19</td>
<td>642146</td>
<td>3599.43</td>
<td>639962</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7931</td>
<td>641472</td>
<td>10</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>105</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3579.87</td>
<td>638658</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3557.52</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.41</td>
<td>636694</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3604.98</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>640332</td>
<td>3579.51</td>
<td>638634</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7917</td>
<td>640128</td>
<td>6</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>104</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note 6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td><p>3653.1</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>643540</td>
<td>3555.27</td>
<td>637018</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7951</td>
<td>643392</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>511</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=26.88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3584.4</td>
<td>638960</td>
<td>3564.96</td>
<td>637664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>9</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3631.86</td>
<td>642124</td>
<td>3594.06</td>
<td>639604</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7928</td>
<td>641184</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>111</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3569.82</td>
<td>637988</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>510</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3557.52</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.41</td>
<td>636694</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3574.53</td>
<td>638302</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7914</td>
<td>639840</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>108</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note 6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3643.08</td>
<td>642872</td>
<td>3545.25</td>
<td>636350</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7944</td>
<td>642720</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=31.92 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3589.425</td>
<td>639295</td>
<td>3565.125</td>
<td>637675</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3631.92</td>
<td>642128</td>
<td>3589.26</td>
<td>639284</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640800</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3559.98</td>
<td>637332</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.47</td>
<td>636698</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3619.98</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>641332</td>
<td>3592.08</td>
<td>639472</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>106</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note 6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td><p>3680.34</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>645356</td>
<td>3580.08</td>
<td>638672</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>509</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=14.64 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3574.65</td>
<td>638310</td>
<td>3569.97</td>
<td>637998</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.62</td>
<td>642308</td>
<td>3611.58</td>
<td>640772</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>110</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3599.58</td>
<td>639972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.47</td>
<td>636698</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3617.49</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3589.59</td>
<td>639306</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7924</td>
<td>640800</td>
<td>6</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>104</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note 6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675.33</td>
<td>645022</td>
<td>3575.07</td>
<td>638338</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7965</td>
<td>644736</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=17.16 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3577.17</td>
<td>638478</td>
<td>3570.06</td>
<td>638004</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.65</td>
<td>642310</td>
<td>3609.18</td>
<td>640612</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7938</td>
<td>642144</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>107</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3594.66</td>
<td>639644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.47</td>
<td>636698</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3587.1</td>
<td>639140</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7923</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>110</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note 6</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3670.02</td>
<td>644668</td>
<td>3569.76</td>
<td>637984</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=19.98 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3579.99</td>
<td>638666</td>
<td>3570.45</td>
<td>638030</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.98</td>
<td>642332</td>
<td>3607.08</td>
<td>640472</td>
<td>102</td>
<td> </td>
<td>7937</td>
<td>642048</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>111</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3589.74</td>
<td>639316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td> </td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20+30</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.47</td>
<td>636698</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3609.99</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>3582.09</td>
<td>638806</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>106</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3660.03</td>
<td>644002</td>
<td>3559.77</td>
<td>637318</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3584.97</td>
<td>638998</td>
<td>3570.57</td>
<td>638038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.95</td>
<td>642330</td>
<td>3602.19</td>
<td>640146</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>6</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>106</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3579.87</td>
<td>638658</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.47</td>
<td>636698</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3604.98</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>640332</td>
<td>3577.08</td>
<td>638472</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7916</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>110</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td><p>3650.28</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>643352</td>
<td>3550.02</td>
<td>636668</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>508</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=29.7 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3589.71</td>
<td>639314</td>
<td>3570.27</td>
<td>638018</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.68</td>
<td>642312</td>
<td>3596.88</td>
<td>639792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7929</td>
<td>641280</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>104</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3569.82</td>
<td>637988</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>510</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.47</td>
<td>636698</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3572.1</td>
<td>638140</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3640.26</td>
<td>642684</td>
<td>3540</td>
<td>636000</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=34.74 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3594.75</td>
<td>639650</td>
<td>3570.45</td>
<td>638030</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.74</td>
<td>642316</td>
<td>3592.08</td>
<td>639472</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3559.98</td>
<td>637332</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3565.02</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.62</td>
<td>636708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>9</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3619.98</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>641332</td>
<td>3587.22</td>
<td>639148</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7923</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>109</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td><p>3675.3</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>645020</td>
<td>3570.18</td>
<td>638012</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>508</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=19.68 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3584.7</td>
<td>638980</td>
<td>3580.02</td>
<td>638668</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.66</td>
<td>642644</td>
<td>3616.62</td>
<td>641108</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7943</td>
<td>642624</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>106</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3599.58</td>
<td>639972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>513</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3565.02</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.62</td>
<td>636708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>9</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3617.49</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3584.73</td>
<td>638982</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7921</td>
<td>640512</td>
<td>6</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>107</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3670.29</td>
<td>644686</td>
<td>3565.17</td>
<td>637678</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7958</td>
<td>644064</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>512</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=22.2 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3587.22</td>
<td>639148</td>
<td>3580.11</td>
<td>638674</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.69</td>
<td>642646</td>
<td>3614.22</td>
<td>640948</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7942</td>
<td>642528</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>111</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3594.66</td>
<td>639644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>508</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3565.02</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.62</td>
<td>636708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>9</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3582.24</td>
<td>638816</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>105</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3665.04</td>
<td>644336</td>
<td>3559.92</td>
<td>637328</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>509</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3589.98</td>
<td>639332</td>
<td>3580.44</td>
<td>638696</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.96</td>
<td>642664</td>
<td>3612.06</td>
<td>640804</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>107</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3589.74</td>
<td>639316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>511</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30+30</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3565.02</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.62</td>
<td>636708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>9</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3609.99</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>3577.23</td>
<td>638482</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7916</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>109</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3654.99</td>
<td>643666</td>
<td>3549.87</td>
<td>636658</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>509</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=30 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3595.02</td>
<td>639668</td>
<td>3580.62</td>
<td>638708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.99</td>
<td>642666</td>
<td>3607.23</td>
<td>640482</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7937</td>
<td>642048</td>
<td>6</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>110</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3579.87</td>
<td>638658</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3565.02</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.62</td>
<td>636708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>9</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3604.98</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>640332</td>
<td>3572.22</td>
<td>638148</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>105</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td><p>3645.3</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>643020</td>
<td>3540.18</td>
<td>636012</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>507</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=34.68 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3599.7</td>
<td>639980</td>
<td>3580.26</td>
<td>638684</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>4</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.66</td>
<td>642644</td>
<td>3601.86</td>
<td>640124</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>108</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3569.82</td>
<td>637988</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>510</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td><p>3565.02</p>
<p>Note 8</p></td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.62</td>
<td>636708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>9</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3567.24</td>
<td>637816</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7909</td>
<td>639360</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>108</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3635.28</td>
<td>642352</td>
<td>3530.16</td>
<td>635344</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>506</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=39.72 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3604.725</td>
<td>640315</td>
<td>3580.425</td>
<td>638695</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 7</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.72</td>
<td>642648</td>
<td>3597.06</td>
<td>639804</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>641376</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3559.98</td>
<td>637332</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.56</td>
<td>636704</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>9</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3619.98</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>641332</td>
<td>3582.18</td>
<td>638812</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>105</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td><p>3670.62</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>644708</td>
<td>3560.46</td>
<td>637364</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>506</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.36 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3594.36</td>
<td>639624</td>
<td>3589.68</td>
<td>639312</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>8</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.34</td>
<td>642956</td>
<td>3621.3</td>
<td>641420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7946</td>
<td>642912</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>104</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3599.58</td>
<td>639972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>513</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.56</td>
<td>636704</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>9</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3617.49</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3579.69</td>
<td>638646</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7918</td>
<td>640224</td>
<td>6</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>111</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3665.61</td>
<td>644374</td>
<td>3555.45</td>
<td>637030</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7951</td>
<td>643392</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>510</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=26.88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3596.88</td>
<td>639792</td>
<td>3589.77</td>
<td>639318</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>6</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>7</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.37</td>
<td>642958</td>
<td>3618.9</td>
<td>641260</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7945</td>
<td>642816</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>109</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3594.66</td>
<td>639644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>508</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.56</td>
<td>636704</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>9</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3577.2</td>
<td>638480</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7916</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>109</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3660.3</td>
<td>644020</td>
<td>3550.14</td>
<td>636676</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>507</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=29.7 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3599.7</td>
<td>639980</td>
<td>3590.16</td>
<td>639344</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.7</td>
<td>642980</td>
<td>3616.8</td>
<td>641120</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7943</td>
<td>642624</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>105</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3589.74</td>
<td>639316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>8</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>511</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40+30</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.56</td>
<td>636704</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3609.99</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>3572.19</td>
<td>638146</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>105</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3650.31</td>
<td>643354</td>
<td>3540.15</td>
<td>636010</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=34.68 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3604.68</td>
<td>640312</td>
<td>3590.28</td>
<td>639352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.67</td>
<td>642978</td>
<td>3611.91</td>
<td>640794</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>6</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>108</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3579.87</td>
<td>638658</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.56</td>
<td>636704</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td><p>3604.98</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>640332</td>
<td>3567.18</td>
<td>637812</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7909</td>
<td>639360</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td>109</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td><p>3640.02</p>
<p>Note 9</p></td>
<td>642668</td>
<td>3529.86</td>
<td>635324</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td><strong>0 (2)</strong></td>
<td><strong>508</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=39.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3609.96</td>
<td>640664</td>
<td>3590.52</td>
<td>639368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.94</td>
<td>642996</td>
<td>3607.14</td>
<td>640476</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7937</td>
<td>642048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td>111</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3569.82</td>
<td>637988</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td><strong>1 (6)</strong></td>
<td><strong>510</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.56</td>
<td>636704</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3562.2</td>
<td>637480</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3630.06</td>
<td>642004</td>
<td>3519.9</td>
<td>634660</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=44.94 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td><p>50</p>
<p>Note 7</p></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3614.94</td>
<td>640996</td>
<td>3590.64</td>
<td>639376</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.94</td>
<td>642996</td>
<td>3602.28</td>
<td>640152</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3559.98</td>
<td>637332</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>31</td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
<td><strong>-</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell for CBW&gt;5 MHz if nothing else is specified in the test case. For the case CC1 CBW=5 MHz then CC2 is used as Pcell-</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-3 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 5: This UE channel bandwidth is restricted for operation when carrier is configured as a downlink SCell part of a DC or CA configuration (TS 38.101-1, Table 5.3.5-1 Note 6). No SS/PBCH block fits within the channel bandwidth. As the bandwidth is limited to SCell then absence of CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, controlResourceSetZero=0 and searchSpaceZero = 0 (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 6: UL CA is only supported for BCS0. I.e.the test frequencies for uplink CC2 are only supported for BCS0.</p>
<p>Note 7: This UE channel bandwidth is restricted for operation when carrier is configured as a downlink SCell part of a DC or CA configuration (TS 38.101-1, Table 5.3.5-1 Note 7). As the bandwidth is limited to SCell then absence of CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, controlResourceSetZero=0 and searchSpaceZero = 0 (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p>
<p>Note 8: Centre frequency shifted 15 kHz to align with the synchronisation raster.</p>
<p>Note 9: Centre frequency shifted -15 kHz to align with the synchronisation raster.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.3.48.1-2: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n48B (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), CC1 SCS = 30kHz, CC2 SCS = 30kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>CBW combination</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>(BCS)</p></th>
<th><p>CC</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3620.01</td>
<td>641334</td>
<td>3578.97</td>
<td>638598</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7930</td>
<td>641376</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3685.02</td>
<td>645668</td>
<td>3499.26</td>
<td>633284</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=9.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3564.96</td>
<td>637664</td>
<td>3560.64</td>
<td>637376</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.97</td>
<td>641998</td>
<td>3588.93</td>
<td>639262</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7936</td>
<td>641952</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3509.22</td>
<td>633948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3617.49</td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3576.45</td>
<td>638430</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7928</td>
<td>641184</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3680.01</td>
<td>645334</td>
<td>3494.25</td>
<td>632950</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7971</td>
<td>645312</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=12.48 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3567.48</td>
<td>637832</td>
<td>3560.64</td>
<td>637376</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.97</td>
<td>641998</td>
<td>3586.41</td>
<td>639094</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7935</td>
<td>641856</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3504.21</td>
<td>633614</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3573.96</td>
<td>638264</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675.36</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>3489.6</td>
<td>632640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=14.64 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3569.64</td>
<td>637976</td>
<td>3560.46</td>
<td>637364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.64</td>
<td>641976</td>
<td>3583.74</td>
<td>638916</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3499.38</td>
<td>633292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10+30</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3609.99</td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>3568.95</td>
<td>637930</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7923</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3665.31</td>
<td>644354</td>
<td>3479.55</td>
<td>631970</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=19.68 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3574.68</td>
<td>638312</td>
<td>3560.64</td>
<td>637376</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.67</td>
<td>641978</td>
<td>3578.91</td>
<td>638594</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7930</td>
<td>641376</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3489.51</td>
<td>632634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3605.01</td>
<td>640334</td>
<td>3563.97</td>
<td>637598</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3655.62</td>
<td>643708</td>
<td>3469.86</td>
<td>631324</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.36 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3579.36</td>
<td>638624</td>
<td>3560.28</td>
<td>637352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.37</td>
<td>641958</td>
<td>3573.57</td>
<td>638238</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3479.46</td>
<td>631964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10+70</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3590.01</td>
<td>639334</td>
<td>3548.97</td>
<td>636598</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7909</td>
<td>639360</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3625.5</td>
<td>641700</td>
<td>3439.74</td>
<td>629316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=39.48 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3594.48</td>
<td>639632</td>
<td>3560.46</td>
<td>637364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.49</td>
<td>641966</td>
<td>3558.75</td>
<td>637250</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7916</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3664.98</td>
<td>644332</td>
<td>3449.52</td>
<td>629968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3558.96</td>
<td>637264</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7916</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3645.6</td>
<td>643040</td>
<td>3459.84</td>
<td>630656</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=29.4 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3584.4</td>
<td>638960</td>
<td>3560.46</td>
<td>637364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.4</td>
<td>641960</td>
<td>3568.74</td>
<td>637916</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7922</td>
<td>640608</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3469.62</td>
<td>631308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3594.99</td>
<td>639666</td>
<td>3553.95</td>
<td>636930</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3635.55</td>
<td>642370</td>
<td>3449.79</td>
<td>629986</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=34.44 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3589.44</td>
<td>639296</td>
<td>3560.28</td>
<td>637352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.43</td>
<td>641962</td>
<td>3563.55</td>
<td>637570</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3669.99</td>
<td>644666</td>
<td>3459.39</td>
<td>630626</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3585</td>
<td>639000</td>
<td>3543.96</td>
<td>636264</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3615.48</td>
<td>641032</td>
<td>3429.72</td>
<td>628648</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=44.52 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3599.52</td>
<td>639968</td>
<td>3560.46</td>
<td>637364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.52</td>
<td>641968</td>
<td>3553.74</td>
<td>636916</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>644000</td>
<td>3439.5</td>
<td>629300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3579.99</td>
<td>638666</td>
<td>3538.95</td>
<td>635930</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7902</td>
<td>638688</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3605.43</td>
<td>640362</td>
<td>3419.67</td>
<td>627978</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=49.56 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3604.56</td>
<td>640304</td>
<td>3560.46</td>
<td>637364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.55</td>
<td>641970</td>
<td>3548.73</td>
<td>636582</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7909</td>
<td>639360</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3654.99</td>
<td>643666</td>
<td>3429.45</td>
<td>628630</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3620.01</td>
<td>641334</td>
<td>3576.45</td>
<td>638430</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7928</td>
<td>641184</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3682.5</td>
<td>645500</td>
<td>3494.22</td>
<td>632948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7971</td>
<td>645312</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=12.48 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3565.68</td>
<td>637712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.49</td>
<td>642166</td>
<td>3591.45</td>
<td>639430</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7938</td>
<td>642144</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3509.22</td>
<td>633948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3617.49</td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3573.93</td>
<td>638262</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3677.49</td>
<td>645166</td>
<td>3489.21</td>
<td>632614</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=15 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3572.52</td>
<td>638168</td>
<td>3565.68</td>
<td>637712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.49</td>
<td>642166</td>
<td>3588.93</td>
<td>639262</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7936</td>
<td>641952</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3504.21</td>
<td>633614</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3571.44</td>
<td>638096</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7924</td>
<td>640800</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3672.84</td>
<td>644856</td>
<td>3484.56</td>
<td>632304</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7964</td>
<td>644640</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=17.16 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3574.68</td>
<td>638312</td>
<td>3565.5</td>
<td>637700</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.16</td>
<td>642144</td>
<td>3586.26</td>
<td>639084</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7935</td>
<td>641856</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3499.38</td>
<td>633292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15+30</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3609.99</td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>3566.43</td>
<td>637762</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7921</td>
<td>640512</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3662.79</td>
<td>644186</td>
<td>3474.51</td>
<td>631634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7958</td>
<td>644064</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=22.2 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3579.72</td>
<td>638648</td>
<td>3565.68</td>
<td>637712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.19</td>
<td>642146</td>
<td>3581.43</td>
<td>638762</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7931</td>
<td>641472</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3489.51</td>
<td>632634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+70</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3590.01</td>
<td>639334</td>
<td>3546.45</td>
<td>636430</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7907</td>
<td>639168</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3622.98</td>
<td>641532</td>
<td>3434.7</td>
<td>628980</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7930</td>
<td>641376</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=42 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3599.52</td>
<td>639968</td>
<td>3565.5</td>
<td>637700</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.01</td>
<td>642134</td>
<td>3561.27</td>
<td>637418</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7917</td>
<td>640128</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3664.98</td>
<td>644332</td>
<td>3449.52</td>
<td>629968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3605.01</td>
<td>640334</td>
<td>3561.45</td>
<td>637430</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7917</td>
<td>640128</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3653.1</td>
<td>643540</td>
<td>3464.82</td>
<td>630988</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7951</td>
<td>643392</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=26.88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3584.4</td>
<td>638960</td>
<td>3565.32</td>
<td>637688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3631.89</td>
<td>642126</td>
<td>3576.09</td>
<td>638406</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7928</td>
<td>641184</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3479.46</td>
<td>631964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3556.44</td>
<td>637096</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7914</td>
<td>639840</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3643.08</td>
<td>642872</td>
<td>3454.8</td>
<td>630320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7944</td>
<td>642720</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=31.92 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3589.44</td>
<td>639296</td>
<td>3565.5</td>
<td>637700</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3631.92</td>
<td>642128</td>
<td>3571.26</td>
<td>638084</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7924</td>
<td>640800</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3469.62</td>
<td>631308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3594.99</td>
<td>639666</td>
<td>3551.43</td>
<td>636762</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7910</td>
<td>639456</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3633.03</td>
<td>642202</td>
<td>3444.75</td>
<td>629650</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7937</td>
<td>642048</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=36.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3594.48</td>
<td>639632</td>
<td>3565.32</td>
<td>637688</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3631.95</td>
<td>642130</td>
<td>3566.07</td>
<td>637738</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7921</td>
<td>640512</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3669.99</td>
<td>644666</td>
<td>3459.39</td>
<td>630626</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3585</td>
<td>639000</td>
<td>3541.44</td>
<td>636096</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7903</td>
<td>638784</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3612.96</td>
<td>640864</td>
<td>3424.68</td>
<td>628312</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7923</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=47.04 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3604.56</td>
<td>640304</td>
<td>3565.5</td>
<td>637700</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.04</td>
<td>642136</td>
<td>3556.26</td>
<td>637084</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7914</td>
<td>639840</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>644000</td>
<td>3439.5</td>
<td>629300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3620.01</td>
<td>641334</td>
<td>3574.11</td>
<td>638274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3680.34</td>
<td>645356</td>
<td>3489.72</td>
<td>632648</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=14.64 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3574.65</td>
<td>638310</td>
<td>3570.33</td>
<td>638022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.65</td>
<td>642310</td>
<td>3593.61</td>
<td>639574</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3509.22</td>
<td>633948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3617.49</td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3571.59</td>
<td>638106</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7924</td>
<td>640800</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675.33</td>
<td>645022</td>
<td>3484.71</td>
<td>632314</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7965</td>
<td>644736</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=17.16 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3577.17</td>
<td>638478</td>
<td>3570.33</td>
<td>638022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.65</td>
<td>642310</td>
<td>3591.09</td>
<td>639406</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7938</td>
<td>642144</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3504.21</td>
<td>633614</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3569.1</td>
<td>637940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7923</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3670.02</td>
<td>644668</td>
<td>3479.4</td>
<td>631960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=19.98 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3579.99</td>
<td>638666</td>
<td>3570.81</td>
<td>638054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.98</td>
<td>642332</td>
<td>3589.08</td>
<td>639272</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7937</td>
<td>642048</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3499.38</td>
<td>633292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+30</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3609.99</td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>3564.09</td>
<td>637606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3660.03</td>
<td>644002</td>
<td>3469.41</td>
<td>631294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3584.97</td>
<td>638998</td>
<td>3570.93</td>
<td>638062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.95</td>
<td>642330</td>
<td>3584.19</td>
<td>638946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3489.51</td>
<td>632634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20+70</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3590.01</td>
<td>639334</td>
<td>3544.11</td>
<td>636274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3620.16</td>
<td>641344</td>
<td>3429.54</td>
<td>628636</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=44.82 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3604.83</td>
<td>640322</td>
<td>3570.81</td>
<td>638054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.83</td>
<td>642322</td>
<td>3564.09</td>
<td>637606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3664.98</td>
<td>644332</td>
<td>3449.52</td>
<td>629968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3565.02</td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.98</td>
<td>636732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3620.01</td>
<td>641334</td>
<td>3569.25</td>
<td>637950</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7923</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675.3</td>
<td>645020</td>
<td>3479.82</td>
<td>631988</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=19.68 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3584.7</td>
<td>638980</td>
<td>3580.38</td>
<td>638692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.69</td>
<td>642646</td>
<td>3598.65</td>
<td>639910</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7943</td>
<td>642624</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3509.22</td>
<td>633948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3565.02</td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.98</td>
<td>636732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3617.49</td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3566.73</td>
<td>637782</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7921</td>
<td>640512</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3670.29</td>
<td>644686</td>
<td>3474.81</td>
<td>631654</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7958</td>
<td>644064</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=22.2 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3587.22</td>
<td>639148</td>
<td>3580.38</td>
<td>638692</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.69</td>
<td>642646</td>
<td>3596.13</td>
<td>639742</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7941</td>
<td>642432</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3504.21</td>
<td>633614</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3565.02</td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.98</td>
<td>636732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3564.24</td>
<td>637616</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3665.04</td>
<td>644336</td>
<td>3469.56</td>
<td>631304</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3589.98</td>
<td>639332</td>
<td>3580.8</td>
<td>638720</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.96</td>
<td>642664</td>
<td>3594.06</td>
<td>639604</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3499.38</td>
<td>633292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30+30</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3565.02</td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.98</td>
<td>636732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3609.99</td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>3559.23</td>
<td>637282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7916</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3654.99</td>
<td>643666</td>
<td>3459.51</td>
<td>630634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=30 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3595.02</td>
<td>639668</td>
<td>3580.98</td>
<td>638732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.99</td>
<td>642666</td>
<td>3589.23</td>
<td>639282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7937</td>
<td>642048</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3489.51</td>
<td>632634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3565.02</td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.98</td>
<td>636732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3605.01</td>
<td>640334</td>
<td>3554.25</td>
<td>636950</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3645.3</td>
<td>643020</td>
<td>3449.82</td>
<td>629988</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=34.68 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3599.7</td>
<td>639980</td>
<td>3580.62</td>
<td>638708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.69</td>
<td>642646</td>
<td>3583.89</td>
<td>638926</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3479.46</td>
<td>631964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3565.02</td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.98</td>
<td>636732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3549.24</td>
<td>636616</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7909</td>
<td>639360</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3635.28</td>
<td>642352</td>
<td>3439.8</td>
<td>629320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=39.72 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3604.74</td>
<td>640316</td>
<td>3580.8</td>
<td>638720</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.72</td>
<td>642648</td>
<td>3579.06</td>
<td>638604</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7930</td>
<td>641376</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3469.62</td>
<td>631308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3565.02</td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.98</td>
<td>636732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3594.99</td>
<td>639666</td>
<td>3544.23</td>
<td>636282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3625.23</td>
<td>641682</td>
<td>3429.75</td>
<td>628650</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=44.76 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3609.78</td>
<td>640652</td>
<td>3580.62</td>
<td>638708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.75</td>
<td>642650</td>
<td>3573.87</td>
<td>638258</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3669.99</td>
<td>644666</td>
<td>3459.39</td>
<td>630626</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30+70</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3565.02</td>
<td>637668</td>
<td>3550.98</td>
<td>636732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3590.01</td>
<td>639334</td>
<td>3539.25</td>
<td>635950</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7902</td>
<td>638688</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3615.18</td>
<td>641012</td>
<td>3419.7</td>
<td>627980</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=49.8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3614.82</td>
<td>640988</td>
<td>3580.8</td>
<td>638720</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3639.81</td>
<td>642654</td>
<td>3569.07</td>
<td>637938</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7923</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3664.98</td>
<td>644332</td>
<td>3449.52</td>
<td>629968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3620.01</td>
<td>641334</td>
<td>3564.21</td>
<td>637614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3670.62</td>
<td>644708</td>
<td>3470.1</td>
<td>631340</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.36 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3594.36</td>
<td>639624</td>
<td>3590.04</td>
<td>639336</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.37</td>
<td>642958</td>
<td>3603.33</td>
<td>640222</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7946</td>
<td>642912</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3509.22</td>
<td>633948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3617.49</td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3561.69</td>
<td>637446</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7918</td>
<td>640224</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3665.61</td>
<td>644374</td>
<td>3465.09</td>
<td>631006</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7951</td>
<td>643392</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=26.88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3596.88</td>
<td>639792</td>
<td>3590.04</td>
<td>639336</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.37</td>
<td>642958</td>
<td>3600.81</td>
<td>640054</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7945</td>
<td>642816</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3504.21</td>
<td>633614</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3559.2</td>
<td>637280</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7916</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3660.3</td>
<td>644020</td>
<td>3459.78</td>
<td>630652</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=29.7 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3599.7</td>
<td>639980</td>
<td>3590.52</td>
<td>639368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.7</td>
<td>642980</td>
<td>3598.8</td>
<td>639920</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7943</td>
<td>642624</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3499.38</td>
<td>633292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40+30</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3609.99</td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>3554.19</td>
<td>636946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3650.31</td>
<td>643354</td>
<td>3449.79</td>
<td>629986</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=34.68 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3604.68</td>
<td>640312</td>
<td>3590.64</td>
<td>639376</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.67</td>
<td>642978</td>
<td>3593.91</td>
<td>639594</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3684.99</td>
<td>645666</td>
<td>3489.51</td>
<td>632634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3605.01</td>
<td>640334</td>
<td>3559.11</td>
<td>637274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7916</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3650.28</td>
<td>643352</td>
<td>3459.66</td>
<td>630644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=29.7 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3589.71</td>
<td>639314</td>
<td>3570.63</td>
<td>638042</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.71</td>
<td>642314</td>
<td>3578.91</td>
<td>638594</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7930</td>
<td>641376</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3479.46</td>
<td>631964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3554.1</td>
<td>636940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3640.26</td>
<td>642684</td>
<td>3449.64</td>
<td>629976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=34.74 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3594.75</td>
<td>639650</td>
<td>3570.81</td>
<td>638054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.74</td>
<td>642316</td>
<td>3574.08</td>
<td>638272</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3469.62</td>
<td>631308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3594.99</td>
<td>639666</td>
<td>3549.09</td>
<td>636606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7909</td>
<td>639360</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3630.21</td>
<td>642014</td>
<td>3439.59</td>
<td>629306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=39.78 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3599.79</td>
<td>639986</td>
<td>3570.63</td>
<td>638042</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.77</td>
<td>642318</td>
<td>3568.89</td>
<td>637926</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7923</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3669.99</td>
<td>644666</td>
<td>3459.39</td>
<td>630626</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3585</td>
<td>639000</td>
<td>3539.1</td>
<td>635940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7902</td>
<td>638688</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3610.14</td>
<td>640676</td>
<td>3419.52</td>
<td>627968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=49.86 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3609.87</td>
<td>640658</td>
<td>3570.81</td>
<td>638054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.86</td>
<td>642324</td>
<td>3559.08</td>
<td>637272</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7916</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3660</td>
<td>644000</td>
<td>3439.5</td>
<td>629300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3605.01</td>
<td>640334</td>
<td>3549.21</td>
<td>636614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7909</td>
<td>639360</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3640.02</td>
<td>642668</td>
<td>3439.5</td>
<td>629300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=39.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3609.96</td>
<td>640664</td>
<td>3590.88</td>
<td>639392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.97</td>
<td>642998</td>
<td>3589.17</td>
<td>639278</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7937</td>
<td>642048</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3479.46</td>
<td>631964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3600</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3544.2</td>
<td>636280</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3630.06</td>
<td>642004</td>
<td>3429.54</td>
<td>628636</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7926</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=44.94 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3614.94</td>
<td>640996</td>
<td>3591</td>
<td>639400</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.94</td>
<td>642996</td>
<td>3584.28</td>
<td>638952</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675</td>
<td>645000</td>
<td>3469.62</td>
<td>631308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3594.99</td>
<td>639666</td>
<td>3539.19</td>
<td>635946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7902</td>
<td>638688</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3620.07</td>
<td>641338</td>
<td>3419.55</td>
<td>627970</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=49.92 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3619.92</td>
<td>641328</td>
<td>3590.76</td>
<td>639384</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.91</td>
<td>642994</td>
<td>3579.03</td>
<td>638602</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7930</td>
<td>641376</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3669.99</td>
<td>644666</td>
<td>3459.39</td>
<td>630626</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 5: UL CA is only supported for BCS0. I.e. the test frequencies for uplink CC2 are only supported for BCS0.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.3.48.2 CA\_n48C

Editor\'s note: Test frequencies for CA\_n48C with mixed numerology with
SCS CC1=15 kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60 kHz; and SCS CC1=30 kHz and SCS
CC2= 15 kHz or 60kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.3.48.2-1: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n48C (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), CC1 SCS = 30kHz, CC2 SCS = 30kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p><strong>CBW combination</strong></p>
<p><strong>(BCS)</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CC</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CBW</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 4</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 4</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(10+100)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3555.00</td>
<td>637000</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3575.01</td>
<td>638334</td>
<td>3533.97</td>
<td>635598</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3595.38</td>
<td>639692</td>
<td>3409.62</td>
<td>627308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 54.6 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3609.60</td>
<td>640640</td>
<td>3560.46</td>
<td>637364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3629.61</td>
<td>641974</td>
<td>3543.75</td>
<td>636250</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3649.98</td>
<td>643332</td>
<td>3419.40</td>
<td>627960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(15+90)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3579.99</td>
<td>638666</td>
<td>3536.43</td>
<td>635762</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7900</td>
<td>638496</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3602.91</td>
<td>640194</td>
<td>3414.63</td>
<td>627642</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7916</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 52.08 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3609.60</td>
<td>640640</td>
<td>3565.50</td>
<td>637700</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.07</td>
<td>642138</td>
<td>3551.25</td>
<td>636750</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639456</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3654.99</td>
<td>643666</td>
<td>3429.45</td>
<td>628630</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(15+100)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3557.52</td>
<td>637168</td>
<td>3550.68</td>
<td>636712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7884</td>
<td>636960</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3575.01</td>
<td>638334</td>
<td>3531.45</td>
<td>635430</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7897</td>
<td>638208</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3592.86</td>
<td>639524</td>
<td>3404.58</td>
<td>626972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7909</td>
<td>639360</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 57.12 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3614.64</td>
<td>640976</td>
<td>3565.50</td>
<td>637700</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Note5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3632.13</td>
<td>642142</td>
<td>3546.27</td>
<td>636418</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639168</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3649.98</td>
<td>643332</td>
<td>3419.40</td>
<td>627960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(20+90)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3579.99</td>
<td>638666</td>
<td>3534.09</td>
<td>635606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3600.09</td>
<td>640006</td>
<td>3409.47</td>
<td>627298</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7912</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 54.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3614.91</td>
<td>640994</td>
<td>3570.81</td>
<td>638054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.89</td>
<td>642326</td>
<td>3554.07</td>
<td>636938</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3654.99</td>
<td>643666</td>
<td>3429.45</td>
<td>628630</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(20+100)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3560.01</td>
<td>637334</td>
<td>3550.83</td>
<td>636722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3575.01</td>
<td>638334</td>
<td>3529.11</td>
<td>635274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3590.04</td>
<td>639336</td>
<td>3399.42</td>
<td>626628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7905</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 59.94 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3619.95</td>
<td>641330</td>
<td>3570.81</td>
<td>638054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3634.95</td>
<td>642330</td>
<td>3549.09</td>
<td>636606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639360</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3649.98</td>
<td>643332</td>
<td>3419.40</td>
<td>627960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(40+80)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570.00</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3585.00</td>
<td>639000</td>
<td>3529.20</td>
<td>635280</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3600.18</td>
<td>640012</td>
<td>3399.66</td>
<td>626644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7906</td>
<td>639072</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 59.82 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3629.82</td>
<td>641988</td>
<td>3590.76</td>
<td>639384</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.82</td>
<td>642988</td>
<td>3569.04</td>
<td>637936</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640704</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3660.00</td>
<td>644000</td>
<td>3439.50</td>
<td>629300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(40+90)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570.00</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3579.99</td>
<td>638666</td>
<td>3524.19</td>
<td>634946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7892</td>
<td>637728</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3590.19</td>
<td>639346</td>
<td>3389.67</td>
<td>625978</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7899</td>
<td>638400</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 64.8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3634.80</td>
<td>642320</td>
<td>3590.70</td>
<td>639380</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.79</td>
<td>642986</td>
<td>3563.97</td>
<td>637598</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3654.99</td>
<td>643666</td>
<td>3429.45</td>
<td>628630</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640992</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(40+100)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3570.00</td>
<td>638000</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3575.01</td>
<td>638334</td>
<td>3519.21</td>
<td>634614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7888</td>
<td>637344</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3580.26</td>
<td>638684</td>
<td>3379.74</td>
<td>625316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7892</td>
<td>637728</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 69.72 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3639.72</td>
<td>642648</td>
<td>3590.58</td>
<td>639372</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3644.73</td>
<td>642982</td>
<td>3558.87</td>
<td>637258</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3649.98</td>
<td>643332</td>
<td>3419.40</td>
<td>627960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(80+40)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3590.01</td>
<td>639334</td>
<td>3550.95</td>
<td>636730</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3605.01</td>
<td>640334</td>
<td>3529.23</td>
<td>635282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3620.16</td>
<td>641344</td>
<td>3399.66</td>
<td>626644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639072</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 59.82 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3649.83</td>
<td>643322</td>
<td>3630.75</td>
<td>642050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7940</td>
<td>642336</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3664.83</td>
<td>644322</td>
<td>3609.03</td>
<td>640602</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7950</td>
<td>643296</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3479.46</td>
<td>631964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(90+15)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3595.02</td>
<td>639668</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3617.49</td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3536.67</td>
<td>635778</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638496</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3640.41</td>
<td>642694</td>
<td>3414.87</td>
<td>627658</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>640032</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 52.08 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3647.10</td>
<td>643140</td>
<td>3640.26</td>
<td>642684</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3669.57</td>
<td>644638</td>
<td>3626.01</td>
<td>641734</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7962</td>
<td>644448</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3504.21</td>
<td>633614</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(90+20)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3595.02</td>
<td>639668</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615.00</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3534.18</td>
<td>635612</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3635.10</td>
<td>642340</td>
<td>3409.56</td>
<td>627304</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639648</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 54.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3649.92</td>
<td>643328</td>
<td>3640.74</td>
<td>642716</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3669.90</td>
<td>644660</td>
<td>3624.00</td>
<td>641600</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690.00</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3499.38</td>
<td>633292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(90+40)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3595.02</td>
<td>639668</td>
<td>3550.92</td>
<td>636728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3605.01</td>
<td>640334</td>
<td>3524.19</td>
<td>634946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637728</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3615.18</td>
<td>641012</td>
<td>3389.64</td>
<td>625976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638400</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 64.8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3659.82</td>
<td>643988</td>
<td>3640.74</td>
<td>642716</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3669.81</td>
<td>644654</td>
<td>3614.01</td>
<td>640934</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3479.46</td>
<td>631964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+10)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3600.00</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3550.86</td>
<td>636724</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3620.01</td>
<td>641334</td>
<td>3534.15</td>
<td>635610</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3640.38</td>
<td>642692</td>
<td>3409.80</td>
<td>627320</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639744</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 54.6 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3654.60</td>
<td>643640</td>
<td>3650.28</td>
<td>643352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3674.61</td>
<td>644974</td>
<td>3633.57</td>
<td>642238</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7967</td>
<td>644928</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3694.98</td>
<td>646332</td>
<td>3509.22</td>
<td>633948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(100+15)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3600.00</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3550.86</td>
<td>636724</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3617.49</td>
<td>641166</td>
<td>3531.63</td>
<td>635442</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638208</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3635.37</td>
<td>642358</td>
<td>3404.79</td>
<td>626986</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>639360</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 57.12 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3657.12</td>
<td>643808</td>
<td>3650.28</td>
<td>643352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3674.61</td>
<td>644974</td>
<td>3631.05</td>
<td>642070</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7966</td>
<td>644832</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3692.49</td>
<td>646166</td>
<td>3504.21</td>
<td>633614</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+20)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3600.00</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3550.86</td>
<td>636724</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3615.00</td>
<td>641000</td>
<td>3529.14</td>
<td>635276</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3630.06</td>
<td>642004</td>
<td>3399.48</td>
<td>626632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>638976</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 59.94 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3659.94</td>
<td>643996</td>
<td>3650.76</td>
<td>643384</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3674.94</td>
<td>644996</td>
<td>3629.04</td>
<td>641936</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7964</td>
<td>644640</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690.00</td>
<td>646000</td>
<td>3499.38</td>
<td>633292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(100+40)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3600.00</td>
<td>640000</td>
<td>3550.86</td>
<td>636724</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td>Note 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3605.01</td>
<td>640334</td>
<td>3519.15</td>
<td>634610</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637344</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3610.26</td>
<td>640684</td>
<td>3379.68</td>
<td>625312</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>637728</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 69.72 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3669.72</td>
<td>644648</td>
<td>3650.64</td>
<td>643376</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3674.73</td>
<td>644982</td>
<td>3618.93</td>
<td>641262</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7957</td>
<td>643968</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3679.98</td>
<td>645332</td>
<td>3479.46</td>
<td>631964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 5: This UE channel bandwidth is restricted for operation when carrier is configured as a downlink SCell part of a DC or CA configuration (TS 38.101-1, Table 5.3.5-1 Note 6). As the bandwidth is limited to SCell then absence of CORESET#0 is indicated in the MIB by setting =31, controlResourceSetZero=0 and searchSpaceZero = 0 (TS 38.213 [22], clause 13).</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.3.49 -- 4.3.1.1.3.65 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.3.66 NR Intra-band contiguous configurations CA\_n66

###### 4.3.1.1.3.66.1 CA\_n66B

Editor\'s note: Test frequencies for CA\_n66B with mixed numerology with
SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60kHz; and SCS CC1=30kHz and SCS
CC2=15 kHz or 60 kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.3.66.1-1: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n66B (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), SCS 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW combination</th>
<th><p>CC</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2112.5</td>
<td>422500</td>
<td>2110.25</td>
<td>422050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5279</td>
<td>422410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2124.39</td>
<td>424878</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5361</td>
<td>428910</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2177.5</td>
<td>435500</td>
<td>2084.53</td>
<td>416906</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5443</td>
<td>435410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1712.5</td>
<td>342500</td>
<td>1710.25</td>
<td>342050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1652.03</td>
<td>330406</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1777.5</td>
<td>355500</td>
<td>1774.17</td>
<td>354834</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=12 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2124.5</td>
<td>424900</td>
<td>2114.96</td>
<td>422992</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5291</td>
<td>423370</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2157</td>
<td>431400</td>
<td>2129.1</td>
<td>425820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5373</td>
<td>429870</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2189.5</td>
<td>437900</td>
<td>2089.24</td>
<td>417848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5455</td>
<td>436370</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2112.5</td>
<td>422500</td>
<td>2110.25</td>
<td>422050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5279</td>
<td>422410</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2135.3</td>
<td>427060</td>
<td>2114.69</td>
<td>422938</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5336</td>
<td>426970</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2158.1</td>
<td>431620</td>
<td>2065.13</td>
<td>413026</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5393</td>
<td>431530</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1712.5</td>
<td>342500</td>
<td>1710.25</td>
<td>342050</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1735.3</td>
<td>347060</td>
<td>1642.33</td>
<td>328466</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1758.1</td>
<td>351620</td>
<td>1754.77</td>
<td>350954</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=21.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2134.4</td>
<td>426880</td>
<td>2114.96</td>
<td>422992</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5291</td>
<td>423370</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2157.2</td>
<td>431440</td>
<td>2119.4</td>
<td>423880</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5348</td>
<td>427930</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>2069.84</td>
<td>413968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5405</td>
<td>432490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.32</td>
<td>422064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5280</td>
<td>422430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2121.96</td>
<td>424392</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5355</td>
<td>428430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>435000</td>
<td>2079.6</td>
<td>415920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5430</td>
<td>434430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.32</td>
<td>342064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1649.6</td>
<td>329920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1769.24</td>
<td>353848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=12.3 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2127.3</td>
<td>425460</td>
<td>2120.19</td>
<td>424038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5307</td>
<td>424590</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2157.3</td>
<td>431460</td>
<td>2131.83</td>
<td>426366</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5382</td>
<td>430590</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2187.3</td>
<td>437460</td>
<td>2089.47</td>
<td>417894</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5457</td>
<td>436590</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.32</td>
<td>422064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5280</td>
<td>422430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2121.96</td>
<td>424392</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5355</td>
<td>428430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>435000</td>
<td>2079.6</td>
<td>415920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5430</td>
<td>434430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.32</td>
<td>342064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1649.6</td>
<td>329920</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1769.24</td>
<td>353848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=14.4 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2129.4</td>
<td>425880</td>
<td>2119.86</td>
<td>423972</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5304</td>
<td>424350</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2159.4</td>
<td>431880</td>
<td>2131.5</td>
<td>426300</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5379</td>
<td>430350</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2189.4</td>
<td>437880</td>
<td>2089.14</td>
<td>417828</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5454</td>
<td>436350</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.32</td>
<td>422064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5280</td>
<td>422430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2135.4</td>
<td>427080</td>
<td>2112.36</td>
<td>422472</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5331</td>
<td>426510</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2155.7</td>
<td>431140</td>
<td>2060.3</td>
<td>412060</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5381</td>
<td>430570</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.32</td>
<td>342064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1735.4</td>
<td>347080</td>
<td>1640</td>
<td>328000</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1755.7</td>
<td>351140</td>
<td>1749.94</td>
<td>349988</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.3 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2139.3</td>
<td>427860</td>
<td>2119.86</td>
<td>423972</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5304</td>
<td>424350</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2159.7</td>
<td>431940</td>
<td>2121.9</td>
<td>424380</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5355</td>
<td>428430</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>2069.84</td>
<td>413968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5405</td>
<td>432490</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.39</td>
<td>422078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5281</td>
<td>422450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2119.53</td>
<td>423906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5349</td>
<td>427950</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2172.5</td>
<td>434500</td>
<td>2074.67</td>
<td>414934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5417</td>
<td>433450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1710.39</td>
<td>342078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1647.17</td>
<td>329434</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1764.31</td>
<td>352862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=12.3 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2129.8</td>
<td>425960</td>
<td>2125.12</td>
<td>425024</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5320</td>
<td>425570</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2157.3</td>
<td>431460</td>
<td>2134.26</td>
<td>426852</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5388</td>
<td>431070</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2184.8</td>
<td>436960</td>
<td>2089.4</td>
<td>417880</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5456</td>
<td>436570</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.39</td>
<td>422078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5281</td>
<td>422450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2119.53</td>
<td>423906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5349</td>
<td>427950</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2172.5</td>
<td>434500</td>
<td>2074.67</td>
<td>414934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5417</td>
<td>433450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1710.39</td>
<td>342078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1647.17</td>
<td>329434</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1764.31</td>
<td>352862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=15 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2132.5</td>
<td>426500</td>
<td>2125.39</td>
<td>425078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5320</td>
<td>425570</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>432000</td>
<td>2134.53</td>
<td>426906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5388</td>
<td>431070</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2187.5</td>
<td>437500</td>
<td>2089.67</td>
<td>417934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5456</td>
<td>436570</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.39</td>
<td>422078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5281</td>
<td>422450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2119.53</td>
<td>423906</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5349</td>
<td>427950</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2172.5</td>
<td>434500</td>
<td>2074.67</td>
<td>414934</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5417</td>
<td>433450</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1710.39</td>
<td>342078</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1647.17</td>
<td>329434</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1764.31</td>
<td>352862</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=17.1 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2134.6</td>
<td>426920</td>
<td>2125.06</td>
<td>425012</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5320</td>
<td>425570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2162.1</td>
<td>432420</td>
<td>2134.2</td>
<td>426840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5388</td>
<td>431070</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2189.6</td>
<td>437920</td>
<td>2089.34</td>
<td>417868</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5456</td>
<td>436570</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+5</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.46</td>
<td>422092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5282</td>
<td>422650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2117.1</td>
<td>423420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5343</td>
<td>427470</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2170</td>
<td>434000</td>
<td>2069.74</td>
<td>413948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5407</td>
<td>432530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1710.46</td>
<td>342092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1644.74</td>
<td>328948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1759.38</td>
<td>351876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=12 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2132</td>
<td>426400</td>
<td>2129.75</td>
<td>425950</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5330</td>
<td>426490</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2157</td>
<td>431400</td>
<td>2136.39</td>
<td>427278</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5391</td>
<td>431310</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2182</td>
<td>436400</td>
<td>2089.03</td>
<td>417806</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5455</td>
<td>436370</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.46</td>
<td>422092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5282</td>
<td>422650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2117.1</td>
<td>423420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5343</td>
<td>427470</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2170</td>
<td>434000</td>
<td>2069.74</td>
<td>413948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5407</td>
<td>432530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1710.46</td>
<td>342092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1644.74</td>
<td>328948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1759.38</td>
<td>351876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=14.4 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2134.4</td>
<td>426880</td>
<td>2129.72</td>
<td>425944</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5330</td>
<td>426490</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2159.4</td>
<td>431880</td>
<td>2136.36</td>
<td>427272</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5391</td>
<td>431310</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2184.4</td>
<td>436880</td>
<td>2089</td>
<td>417800</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5455</td>
<td>436370</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.46</td>
<td>422092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5282</td>
<td>422650</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2117.1</td>
<td>423420</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5343</td>
<td>427470</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>102</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2170</td>
<td>434000</td>
<td>2069.74</td>
<td>413948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5407</td>
<td>432530</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1710.46</td>
<td>342092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1644.74</td>
<td>328948</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1759.38</td>
<td>351876</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=17.1 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2137.1</td>
<td>427420</td>
<td>2129.99</td>
<td>425998</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5330</td>
<td>426490</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2162.1</td>
<td>432420</td>
<td>2136.63</td>
<td>427326</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5394</td>
<td>431550</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2187.1</td>
<td>437420</td>
<td>2089.27</td>
<td>417854</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5455</td>
<td>436370</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>504</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+5</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.56</td>
<td>422112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2107.2</td>
<td>421440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5319</td>
<td>425550</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>432000</td>
<td>2049.84</td>
<td>409968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5358</td>
<td>428670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>346000</td>
<td>1710.56</td>
<td>342112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1634.84</td>
<td>326968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>352000</td>
<td>1739.48</td>
<td>347896</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=21.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2151.9</td>
<td>430380</td>
<td>2149.65</td>
<td>429930</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5379</td>
<td>430350</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2166.9</td>
<td>433380</td>
<td>2146.29</td>
<td>429258</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5418</td>
<td>433470</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2181.9</td>
<td>436380</td>
<td>2088.93</td>
<td>417786</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5454</td>
<td>436350</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.56</td>
<td>422112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5283</td>
<td>422670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2107.2</td>
<td>421440</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5319</td>
<td>425550</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (2)</td>
<td>104</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>432000</td>
<td>2049.84</td>
<td>409968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5358</td>
<td>428670</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>346000</td>
<td>1710.56</td>
<td>342112</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1634.84</td>
<td>326968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>352000</td>
<td>1739.48</td>
<td>347896</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.3 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2154.3</td>
<td>430860</td>
<td>2149.62</td>
<td>429924</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5379</td>
<td>430350</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2169.3</td>
<td>433860</td>
<td>2146.26</td>
<td>429252</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5418</td>
<td>433470</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2 (4)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2184.3</td>
<td>436860</td>
<td>2088.9</td>
<td>417780</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5454</td>
<td>436350</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>505</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-1 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.3.66.1-2: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n66B (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), SCS 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW combination</th>
<th><p>CC</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.68</td>
<td>422136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2103.96</td>
<td>420792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5361</td>
<td>428910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>435000</td>
<td>1989.24</td>
<td>397848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5436</td>
<td>434910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.68</td>
<td>342136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1559.24</td>
<td>311848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1768.52</td>
<td>353704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=12.3 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2127.3</td>
<td>425460</td>
<td>2120.46</td>
<td>424092</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5310</td>
<td>424830</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2157.3</td>
<td>431460</td>
<td>2113.74</td>
<td>422748</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5385</td>
<td>430830</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2187.3</td>
<td>437460</td>
<td>1999.02</td>
<td>399804</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5460</td>
<td>436830</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.68</td>
<td>422136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2103.96</td>
<td>420792</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5361</td>
<td>428910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2175</td>
<td>435000</td>
<td>1989.24</td>
<td>397848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5436</td>
<td>434910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.68</td>
<td>342136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1559.24</td>
<td>311848</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1775</td>
<td>355000</td>
<td>1768.52</td>
<td>353704</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=14.4 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2129.4</td>
<td>425880</td>
<td>2120.22</td>
<td>424044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5310</td>
<td>424830</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2159.4</td>
<td>431880</td>
<td>2113.5</td>
<td>422700</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5385</td>
<td>430830</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2189.4</td>
<td>437880</td>
<td>1998.78</td>
<td>399756</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5460</td>
<td>436830</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+40</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2115</td>
<td>423000</td>
<td>2110.68</td>
<td>422136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2135.4</td>
<td>427080</td>
<td>2094.36</td>
<td>418872</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5337</td>
<td>426990</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2155.7</td>
<td>431140</td>
<td>1969.94</td>
<td>393988</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5387</td>
<td>431050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1715</td>
<td>343000</td>
<td>1710.68</td>
<td>342136</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1735.4</td>
<td>347080</td>
<td>1549.64</td>
<td>309928</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1755.7</td>
<td>351140</td>
<td>1749.22</td>
<td>349844</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.3 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2139.3</td>
<td>427860</td>
<td>2120.22</td>
<td>424044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5310</td>
<td>424830</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2159.7</td>
<td>431940</td>
<td>2103.9</td>
<td>420780</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5361</td>
<td>428910</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2180</td>
<td>436000</td>
<td>1979.48</td>
<td>395896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5411</td>
<td>432970</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.66</td>
<td>422132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5287</td>
<td>422930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2101.44</td>
<td>420288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5355</td>
<td>428430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2172.5</td>
<td>434500</td>
<td>1984.22</td>
<td>396844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5423</td>
<td>433930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1710.66</td>
<td>342132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1556.72</td>
<td>311344</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1763.5</td>
<td>352700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=12.3 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2129.8</td>
<td>425960</td>
<td>2125.48</td>
<td>425096</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5326</td>
<td>426050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2157.3</td>
<td>431460</td>
<td>2116.26</td>
<td>423252</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5394</td>
<td>431550</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2184.8</td>
<td>436960</td>
<td>1999.04</td>
<td>399808</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5462</td>
<td>437050</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>1024</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.66</td>
<td>422132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5287</td>
<td>422930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2101.44</td>
<td>420288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5355</td>
<td>428430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2172.5</td>
<td>434500</td>
<td>1984.22</td>
<td>396844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5423</td>
<td>433930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1710.66</td>
<td>342132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1556.72</td>
<td>311344</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1763.5</td>
<td>352700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=15 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2132.5</td>
<td>426500</td>
<td>2125.66</td>
<td>425132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5326</td>
<td>426050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>432000</td>
<td>2116.44</td>
<td>423288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5394</td>
<td>431550</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2187.5</td>
<td>437500</td>
<td>1999.22</td>
<td>399844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5462</td>
<td>437050</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2117.5</td>
<td>423500</td>
<td>2110.66</td>
<td>422132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5287</td>
<td>422930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2101.44</td>
<td>420288</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5355</td>
<td>428430</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2172.5</td>
<td>434500</td>
<td>1984.22</td>
<td>396844</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5423</td>
<td>433930</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1717.5</td>
<td>343500</td>
<td>1710.66</td>
<td>342132</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1556.72</td>
<td>311344</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1772.5</td>
<td>354500</td>
<td>1763.5</td>
<td>352700</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=17.1 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2134.6</td>
<td>426920</td>
<td>2125.42</td>
<td>425084</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5323</td>
<td>425810</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2162.1</td>
<td>432420</td>
<td>2116.2</td>
<td>423240</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5391</td>
<td>431310</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2189.6</td>
<td>437920</td>
<td>1998.98</td>
<td>399796</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5459</td>
<td>436810</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.82</td>
<td>422164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5285</td>
<td>422890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2099.1</td>
<td>419820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5349</td>
<td>427950</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2170</td>
<td>434000</td>
<td>1979.38</td>
<td>395876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5413</td>
<td>433010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1710.82</td>
<td>342164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1554.38</td>
<td>310876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1758.66</td>
<td>351732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=14.4 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2134.4</td>
<td>426880</td>
<td>2130.08</td>
<td>426016</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5336</td>
<td>426970</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>16</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2159.4</td>
<td>431880</td>
<td>2118.36</td>
<td>423672</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5397</td>
<td>431790</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2184.4</td>
<td>436880</td>
<td>1998.64</td>
<td>399728</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5461</td>
<td>436850</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+15</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2120</td>
<td>424000</td>
<td>2110.82</td>
<td>422164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5285</td>
<td>422890</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2099.1</td>
<td>419820</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5349</td>
<td>427950</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2170</td>
<td>434000</td>
<td>1979.38</td>
<td>395876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5413</td>
<td>433010</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1720</td>
<td>344000</td>
<td>1710.82</td>
<td>342164</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1554.38</td>
<td>310876</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1770</td>
<td>354000</td>
<td>1758.66</td>
<td>351732</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=17.1 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2137.1</td>
<td>427420</td>
<td>2130.26</td>
<td>426052</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5336</td>
<td>426970</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (7)</td>
<td>14</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2162.1</td>
<td>432420</td>
<td>2118.54</td>
<td>423708</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5397</td>
<td>431790</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>214</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2187.1</td>
<td>437420</td>
<td>1998.82</td>
<td>399764</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5461</td>
<td>436850</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+10</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2130</td>
<td>426000</td>
<td>2110.92</td>
<td>422184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5286</td>
<td>422910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2145</td>
<td>429000</td>
<td>2089.2</td>
<td>417840</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5325</td>
<td>426030</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>216</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2160</td>
<td>432000</td>
<td>1959.48</td>
<td>391896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5361</td>
<td>428910</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (5)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>1730</td>
<td>346000</td>
<td>1710.92</td>
<td>342184</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>1745</td>
<td>349000</td>
<td>1544.48</td>
<td>308896</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>1760</td>
<td>352000</td>
<td>1738.76</td>
<td>347752</td>
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=24.3 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>2154.3</td>
<td>430860</td>
<td>2149.98</td>
<td>429996</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5385</td>
<td>430830</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>12</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>2169.3</td>
<td>433860</td>
<td>2128.26</td>
<td>425652</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>5424</td>
<td>433950</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (8)</td>
<td>220</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High</td>
<td>2184.3</td>
<td>436860</td>
<td>1998.54</td>
<td>399708</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>5460</td>
<td>436830</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>1020</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-2 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.3.67 -- 4.3.1.1.3.76 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.3.77 NR Intra-band contiguous configurations CA\_n77

###### 4.3.1.1.3.77.1 CA\_n77C

Editor\'s note: Test frequencies for CA\_n78C with mixed numerology with
SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60kHz; and SCS CC1=30kHz and SCS
CC2=15 kHz or 60 kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.3.77.1-1: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n77C (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), SCS 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>CBW combination</p>
<p>(BCS)</p></th>
<th><p>CC</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>10+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3305,01</td>
<td>620334</td>
<td>3300,69</td>
<td>620046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3658,95</td>
<td>643930</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7985</td>
<td>646656</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4095,39</td>
<td>673026</td>
<td>3909,63</td>
<td>660642</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8260</td>
<td>673056</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=54,6 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3359,61</td>
<td>623974</td>
<td>3310,47</td>
<td>620698</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7718</td>
<td>621024</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3754,59</td>
<td>650306</td>
<td>3668,73</td>
<td>644582</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7992</td>
<td>647328</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3307,5</td>
<td>620500</td>
<td>3300,66</td>
<td>620044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3661,44</td>
<td>644096</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7987</td>
<td>646848</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4102,92</td>
<td>673528</td>
<td>3914,64</td>
<td>660976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8263</td>
<td>673344</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=52,08 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3359,58</td>
<td>623972</td>
<td>3315,48</td>
<td>621032</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7721</td>
<td>621312</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3757,08</td>
<td>650472</td>
<td>3676,26</td>
<td>645084</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7997</td>
<td>647808</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929,46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3307,5</td>
<td>620500</td>
<td>3300,66</td>
<td>620044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3656,43</td>
<td>643762</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7983</td>
<td>646464</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4092,87</td>
<td>672858</td>
<td>3904,59</td>
<td>660306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8256</td>
<td>672672</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=57,12 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3364,62</td>
<td>624308</td>
<td>3315,48</td>
<td>621032</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7721</td>
<td>621312</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3757,11</td>
<td>650474</td>
<td>3671,25</td>
<td>644750</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7994</td>
<td>647520</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>20+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3310,02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300,84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3659,1</td>
<td>643940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7985</td>
<td>646656</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4100,1</td>
<td>673340</td>
<td>3909,48</td>
<td>660632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8260</td>
<td>673056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=54,9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3364,92</td>
<td>624328</td>
<td>3320,82</td>
<td>621388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7725</td>
<td>621696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3759,9</td>
<td>650660</td>
<td>3679,08</td>
<td>645272</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7999</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929,46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3310,02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300,84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3654,09</td>
<td>643606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4090,05</td>
<td>672670</td>
<td>3899,43</td>
<td>659962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8253</td>
<td>672384</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=59,94 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3369,96</td>
<td>624664</td>
<td>3320,82</td>
<td>621388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7725</td>
<td>621696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3759,93</td>
<td>650662</td>
<td>3674,07</td>
<td>644938</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7996</td>
<td>647712</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3312,51</td>
<td>620834</td>
<td>3300,81</td>
<td>620054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3710,01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3661,59</td>
<td>644106</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7987</td>
<td>646848</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4107,66</td>
<td>673844</td>
<td>3914,52</td>
<td>660968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8263</td>
<td>673344</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=52,32 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3364,83</td>
<td>624322</td>
<td>3325,77</td>
<td>621718</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7728</td>
<td>621984</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3762,33</td>
<td>650822</td>
<td>3686,55</td>
<td>645770</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8004</td>
<td>648480</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4159,98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939,48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>25+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3312,51</td>
<td>620834</td>
<td>3300,81</td>
<td>620054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3656,58</td>
<td>643772</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7983</td>
<td>646464</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4097,64</td>
<td>673176</td>
<td>3904,5</td>
<td>660300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8256</td>
<td>672672</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=57,36 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3369,87</td>
<td>624658</td>
<td>3325,77</td>
<td>621718</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7728</td>
<td>621984</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3762,36</td>
<td>650824</td>
<td>3681,54</td>
<td>645436</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8001</td>
<td>648192</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929,46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>25+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3312,51</td>
<td>620834</td>
<td>3300,81</td>
<td>620054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3651,57</td>
<td>643438</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7980</td>
<td>646176</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4087,59</td>
<td>672506</td>
<td>3894,45</td>
<td>659630</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8249</td>
<td>672000</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=62,4 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3374,91</td>
<td>624994</td>
<td>3325,77</td>
<td>621718</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7728</td>
<td>621984</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3762,39</td>
<td>650826</td>
<td>3676,53</td>
<td>645102</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7997</td>
<td>647808</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3315</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3300,96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3710,01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3659,25</td>
<td>643950</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7985</td>
<td>646656</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4105,14</td>
<td>673676</td>
<td>3909,66</td>
<td>660644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8260</td>
<td>673056</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=54,84 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3369,84</td>
<td>624656</td>
<td>3330,78</td>
<td>622052</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7732</td>
<td>622368</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3764,85</td>
<td>650990</td>
<td>3689,07</td>
<td>645938</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8006</td>
<td>648672</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4159,98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939,48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3315</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3300,96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3654,24</td>
<td>643616</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4095,12</td>
<td>673008</td>
<td>3899,64</td>
<td>659976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8253</td>
<td>672384</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=59,88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3374,88</td>
<td>624992</td>
<td>3330,78</td>
<td>622052</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7732</td>
<td>622368</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3764,88</td>
<td>650992</td>
<td>3684,06</td>
<td>645604</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8003</td>
<td>648384</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929,46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3315</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3300,96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3649,23</td>
<td>643282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4085,07</td>
<td>672338</td>
<td>3889,59</td>
<td>659306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8246</td>
<td>671712</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=64,92 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3379,92</td>
<td>625328</td>
<td>3330,78</td>
<td>622052</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7732</td>
<td>622368</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3764,91</td>
<td>650994</td>
<td>3679,05</td>
<td>645270</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7999</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40+70</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3320,01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300,93</td>
<td>620062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3714,99</td>
<td>647666</td>
<td>3659,19</td>
<td>643946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7985</td>
<td>646656</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4110,15</td>
<td>674010</td>
<td>3909,63</td>
<td>660642</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8260</td>
<td>673056</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=54,84 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3374,85</td>
<td>624990</td>
<td>3340,83</td>
<td>622722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7739</td>
<td>623040</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3769,83</td>
<td>651322</td>
<td>3699,09</td>
<td>646606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8013</td>
<td>649344</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4164,99</td>
<td>677666</td>
<td>3949,53</td>
<td>663302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8287</td>
<td>675648</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3320,01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300,93</td>
<td>620062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3710,01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3654,21</td>
<td>643614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4100,16</td>
<td>673344</td>
<td>3899,64</td>
<td>659976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8253</td>
<td>672384</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=59,82 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3379,83</td>
<td>625322</td>
<td>3340,77</td>
<td>622718</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7739</td>
<td>623040</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3769,83</td>
<td>651322</td>
<td>3694,05</td>
<td>646270</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8009</td>
<td>648960</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4159,98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939,48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>40+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3320,01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300,93</td>
<td>620062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3649,2</td>
<td>643280</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4090,2</td>
<td>672680</td>
<td>3889,68</td>
<td>659312</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8246</td>
<td>671712</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=64,8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3384,81</td>
<td>625654</td>
<td>3340,71</td>
<td>622714</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7739</td>
<td>623040</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3769,8</td>
<td>651320</td>
<td>3688,98</td>
<td>645932</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8006</td>
<td>648672</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929,46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3320,01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300,93</td>
<td>620062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3644,19</td>
<td>642946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4080,27</td>
<td>672018</td>
<td>3879,75</td>
<td>658650</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8239</td>
<td>671040</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=69,72 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3389,73</td>
<td>625982</td>
<td>3340,59</td>
<td>622706</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7739</td>
<td>623040</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3769,71</td>
<td>651314</td>
<td>3683,85</td>
<td>645590</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8002</td>
<td>648288</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325,02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301,08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>3659,34</td>
<td>643956</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7985</td>
<td>646656</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4115,04</td>
<td>674336</td>
<td>3909,66</td>
<td>660644</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8260</td>
<td>673056</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=54,96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3379,98</td>
<td>625332</td>
<td>3350,82</td>
<td>623388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7746</td>
<td>623712</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3774,96</td>
<td>651664</td>
<td>3709,08</td>
<td>647272</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8020</td>
<td>650016</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4170</td>
<td>678000</td>
<td>3959,4</td>
<td>663960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8294</td>
<td>676320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50+70</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325,02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301,08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3714,99</td>
<td>647666</td>
<td>3654,33</td>
<td>643622</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4105,11</td>
<td>673674</td>
<td>3899,73</td>
<td>659982</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8253</td>
<td>672384</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=59,88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3384,9</td>
<td>625660</td>
<td>3350,88</td>
<td>623392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7746</td>
<td>623712</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3774,87</td>
<td>651658</td>
<td>3704,13</td>
<td>646942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4164,99</td>
<td>677666</td>
<td>3949,53</td>
<td>663302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8287</td>
<td>675648</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325,02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301,08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3710,01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3649,35</td>
<td>643290</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4095,12</td>
<td>673008</td>
<td>3889,74</td>
<td>659316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8246</td>
<td>671712</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=64,86 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3389,88</td>
<td>625992</td>
<td>3350,82</td>
<td>623388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7746</td>
<td>623712</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3774,87</td>
<td>651658</td>
<td>3699,09</td>
<td>646606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8013</td>
<td>649344</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4159,98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939,48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325,02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301,08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3644,34</td>
<td>642956</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4085,16</td>
<td>672344</td>
<td>3879,78</td>
<td>658652</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8239</td>
<td>671040</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=69,84 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3394,86</td>
<td>626324</td>
<td>3350,76</td>
<td>623384</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7746</td>
<td>623712</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3774,84</td>
<td>651656</td>
<td>3694,02</td>
<td>646268</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8009</td>
<td>648960</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929,46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325,02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301,08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3639,33</td>
<td>642622</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7971</td>
<td>645312</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4075,23</td>
<td>671682</td>
<td>3869,85</td>
<td>657990</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8232</td>
<td>670368</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=74,76 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3399,78</td>
<td>626652</td>
<td>3350,64</td>
<td>623376</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7745</td>
<td>623616</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3774,75</td>
<td>651650</td>
<td>3688,89</td>
<td>645926</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8006</td>
<td>648672</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300,84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>3654,12</td>
<td>643608</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4110</td>
<td>674000</td>
<td>3899,4</td>
<td>659960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8253</td>
<td>672384</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=60 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3390</td>
<td>626000</td>
<td>3360,84</td>
<td>624056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3780</td>
<td>652000</td>
<td>3714,12</td>
<td>647608</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8023</td>
<td>650304</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4170</td>
<td>678000</td>
<td>3959,4</td>
<td>663960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8294</td>
<td>676320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60+70</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300,84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3714,99</td>
<td>647666</td>
<td>3649,11</td>
<td>643274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4100,07</td>
<td>673338</td>
<td>3889,47</td>
<td>659298</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8246</td>
<td>671712</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=64,92 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3394,92</td>
<td>626328</td>
<td>3360,9</td>
<td>624060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3779,91</td>
<td>651994</td>
<td>3709,17</td>
<td>647278</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8020</td>
<td>650016</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4164,99</td>
<td>677666</td>
<td>3949,53</td>
<td>663302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8287</td>
<td>675648</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300,84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3710,01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3644,13</td>
<td>642942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4090,08</td>
<td>672672</td>
<td>3879,48</td>
<td>658632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8239</td>
<td>671040</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=69,9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3399,9</td>
<td>626660</td>
<td>3360,84</td>
<td>624056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3779,91</td>
<td>651994</td>
<td>3704,13</td>
<td>646942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4159,98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939,48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300,84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3639,12</td>
<td>642608</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7971</td>
<td>645312</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4080,12</td>
<td>672008</td>
<td>3869,52</td>
<td>657968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8232</td>
<td>670368</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=74,88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3404,88</td>
<td>626992</td>
<td>3360,78</td>
<td>624052</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3779,88</td>
<td>651992</td>
<td>3699,06</td>
<td>646604</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8013</td>
<td>649344</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929,46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300,84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3634,11</td>
<td>642274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4070,19</td>
<td>671346</td>
<td>3859,59</td>
<td>657306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8225</td>
<td>669696</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=79,8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3409,8</td>
<td>627320</td>
<td>3360,66</td>
<td>624044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7752</td>
<td>624288</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3779,79</td>
<td>651986</td>
<td>3693,93</td>
<td>646262</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8009</td>
<td>648960</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>70+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3335,01</td>
<td>622334</td>
<td>3300,99</td>
<td>620066</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>3649,26</td>
<td>643284</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7978</td>
<td>645984</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4105,08</td>
<td>673672</td>
<td>3889,62</td>
<td>659308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8246</td>
<td>671712</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=64,92 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3399,93</td>
<td>626662</td>
<td>3370,77</td>
<td>624718</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7759</td>
<td>624960</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3784,92</td>
<td>652328</td>
<td>3719,04</td>
<td>647936</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8027</td>
<td>650688</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4170</td>
<td>678000</td>
<td>3959,4</td>
<td>663960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8294</td>
<td>676320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70+70</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3335,01</td>
<td>622334</td>
<td>3300,99</td>
<td>620066</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3714,99</td>
<td>647666</td>
<td>3644,25</td>
<td>642950</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4095,03</td>
<td>673002</td>
<td>3879,57</td>
<td>658638</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8239</td>
<td>671040</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=69,96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3404,97</td>
<td>626998</td>
<td>3370,95</td>
<td>624730</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7760</td>
<td>625056</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3784,95</td>
<td>652330</td>
<td>3714,21</td>
<td>647614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8023</td>
<td>650304</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4164,99</td>
<td>677666</td>
<td>3949,53</td>
<td>663302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8287</td>
<td>675648</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>70+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3335,01</td>
<td>622334</td>
<td>3300,99</td>
<td>620066</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3710,01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3639,27</td>
<td>642618</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7971</td>
<td>645312</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4085,04</td>
<td>672336</td>
<td>3869,58</td>
<td>657972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8232</td>
<td>670368</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=74,94 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3409,95</td>
<td>627330</td>
<td>3370,89</td>
<td>624726</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7760</td>
<td>625056</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3784,95</td>
<td>652330</td>
<td>3709,17</td>
<td>647278</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8020</td>
<td>650016</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4159,98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939,48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3335,01</td>
<td>622334</td>
<td>3300,99</td>
<td>620066</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3634,26</td>
<td>642284</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4075,08</td>
<td>671672</td>
<td>3859,62</td>
<td>657308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8225</td>
<td>669696</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=79,92 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3414,93</td>
<td>627662</td>
<td>3370,83</td>
<td>624722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7760</td>
<td>625056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3784,92</td>
<td>652328</td>
<td>3704,1</td>
<td>646940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929,46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>70+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3335,01</td>
<td>622334</td>
<td>3300,99</td>
<td>620066</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3629,25</td>
<td>641950</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7964</td>
<td>644640</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4065,15</td>
<td>671010</td>
<td>3849,69</td>
<td>656646</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8218</td>
<td>669024</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=84,84 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3419,85</td>
<td>627990</td>
<td>3370,71</td>
<td>624714</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7759</td>
<td>624960</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3784,83</td>
<td>652322</td>
<td>3698,97</td>
<td>646598</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8013</td>
<td>649344</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340,02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300,96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>3644,22</td>
<td>642948</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4100,1</td>
<td>673340</td>
<td>3879,6</td>
<td>658640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8239</td>
<td>671040</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=69,9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3409,92</td>
<td>627328</td>
<td>3380,76</td>
<td>625384</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3789,9</td>
<td>652660</td>
<td>3724,02</td>
<td>648268</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8030</td>
<td>650976</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4170</td>
<td>678000</td>
<td>3959,4</td>
<td>663960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8294</td>
<td>676320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80+70</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340,02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300,96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3714,99</td>
<td>647666</td>
<td>3639,21</td>
<td>642614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7971</td>
<td>645312</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4090,05</td>
<td>672670</td>
<td>3869,55</td>
<td>657970</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8232</td>
<td>670368</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=74,94 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3414,96</td>
<td>627664</td>
<td>3380,94</td>
<td>625396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7767</td>
<td>625728</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3789,93</td>
<td>652662</td>
<td>3719,19</td>
<td>647946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8027</td>
<td>650688</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4164,99</td>
<td>677666</td>
<td>3949,53</td>
<td>663302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8287</td>
<td>675648</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340,02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300,96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3710,01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3634,23</td>
<td>642282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4080</td>
<td>672000</td>
<td>3859,5</td>
<td>657300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8225</td>
<td>669696</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=79,98 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3420</td>
<td>628000</td>
<td>3380,94</td>
<td>625396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7767</td>
<td>625728</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3789,99</td>
<td>652666</td>
<td>3714,21</td>
<td>647614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8023</td>
<td>650304</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4159,98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939,48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340,02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300,96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3629,22</td>
<td>641948</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7964</td>
<td>644640</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4070,04</td>
<td>671336</td>
<td>3849,54</td>
<td>656636</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8218</td>
<td>669024</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=84,96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3424,98</td>
<td>628332</td>
<td>3380,88</td>
<td>625392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3789,96</td>
<td>652664</td>
<td>3709,14</td>
<td>647276</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8020</td>
<td>650016</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929,46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340,02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300,96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3624,21</td>
<td>641614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4060,11</td>
<td>670674</td>
<td>3839,61</td>
<td>655974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8211</td>
<td>668352</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=89,88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3429,9</td>
<td>628660</td>
<td>3380,76</td>
<td>625384</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3789,87</td>
<td>652658</td>
<td>3704,01</td>
<td>646934</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>90+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3345</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3300,9</td>
<td>620060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>3639,18</td>
<td>642612</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7971</td>
<td>645312</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4095,12</td>
<td>673008</td>
<td>3869,58</td>
<td>657972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8232</td>
<td>670368</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=74,88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3419,88</td>
<td>627992</td>
<td>3390,72</td>
<td>626048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3794,88</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>3729</td>
<td>648600</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8034</td>
<td>651360</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4170</td>
<td>678000</td>
<td>3959,4</td>
<td>663960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8294</td>
<td>676320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90+70</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3345</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3300,9</td>
<td>620060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3714,99</td>
<td>647666</td>
<td>3634,17</td>
<td>642278</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4085,07</td>
<td>672338</td>
<td>3859,53</td>
<td>657302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8225</td>
<td>669696</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=79,92 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3424,92</td>
<td>628328</td>
<td>3390,9</td>
<td>626060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3794,91</td>
<td>652994</td>
<td>3724,17</td>
<td>648278</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8030</td>
<td>650976</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4164,99</td>
<td>677666</td>
<td>3949,53</td>
<td>663302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8287</td>
<td>675648</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>90+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3345</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3300,9</td>
<td>620060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3710,01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3629,19</td>
<td>641946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7964</td>
<td>644640</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4075,02</td>
<td>671668</td>
<td>3849,48</td>
<td>656632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8218</td>
<td>669024</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=84,96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3429,96</td>
<td>628664</td>
<td>3390,9</td>
<td>626060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3794,97</td>
<td>652998</td>
<td>3719,19</td>
<td>647946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8027</td>
<td>650688</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4159,98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939,48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3345</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3300,9</td>
<td>620060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3624,18</td>
<td>641612</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4065</td>
<td>671000</td>
<td>3839,46</td>
<td>655964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8211</td>
<td>668352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=90 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3435</td>
<td>629000</td>
<td>3390,9</td>
<td>626060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3795</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3714,18</td>
<td>647612</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8023</td>
<td>650304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929,46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>90+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3345</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3300,9</td>
<td>620060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3619,17</td>
<td>641278</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7957</td>
<td>643968</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4055,07</td>
<td>670338</td>
<td>3829,53</td>
<td>655302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8204</td>
<td>667680</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=94,92 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3439,92</td>
<td>629328</td>
<td>3390,78</td>
<td>626052</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3794,91</td>
<td>652994</td>
<td>3709,05</td>
<td>647270</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8020</td>
<td>650016</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350,01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300,87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3720</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>3634,14</td>
<td>642276</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4090,2</td>
<td>672680</td>
<td>3859,62</td>
<td>657308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8225</td>
<td>669696</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=79,8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3429,81</td>
<td>628654</td>
<td>3400,65</td>
<td>626710</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7780</td>
<td>626976</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3799,8</td>
<td>653320</td>
<td>3733,92</td>
<td>648928</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8037</td>
<td>651648</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4170</td>
<td>678000</td>
<td>3959,4</td>
<td>663960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8294</td>
<td>676320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100+70</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350,01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300,87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3714,99</td>
<td>647666</td>
<td>3629,13</td>
<td>641942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7964</td>
<td>644640</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4080,15</td>
<td>672010</td>
<td>3849,57</td>
<td>656638</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8218</td>
<td>669024</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=84,84 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3434,85</td>
<td>628990</td>
<td>3400,83</td>
<td>626722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7780</td>
<td>626976</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3799,83</td>
<td>653322</td>
<td>3729,09</td>
<td>648606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8034</td>
<td>651360</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4164,99</td>
<td>677666</td>
<td>3949,53</td>
<td>663302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8287</td>
<td>675648</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350,01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300,87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3710,01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3624,15</td>
<td>641610</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4070,1</td>
<td>671340</td>
<td>3839,52</td>
<td>655968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8211</td>
<td>668352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=89,88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3439,89</td>
<td>629326</td>
<td>3400,83</td>
<td>626722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7780</td>
<td>626976</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3799,89</td>
<td>653326</td>
<td>3724,11</td>
<td>648274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8030</td>
<td>650976</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4159,98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939,48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100+90</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350,01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300,87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3705</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3619,14</td>
<td>641276</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7957</td>
<td>643968</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4060,08</td>
<td>670672</td>
<td>3829,5</td>
<td>655300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8204</td>
<td>667680</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=94,92 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3444,93</td>
<td>629662</td>
<td>3400,83</td>
<td>626722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7780</td>
<td>626976</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3799,92</td>
<td>653328</td>
<td>3719,1</td>
<td>647940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8027</td>
<td>650688</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4155</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929,46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>100</p>
<p>+100</p></td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350,01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300,87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3699,99</td>
<td>646666</td>
<td>3614,13</td>
<td>640942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4050,03</td>
<td>670002</td>
<td>3819,45</td>
<td>654630</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=99,96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3449,97</td>
<td>629998</td>
<td>3400,83</td>
<td>626722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7780</td>
<td>626976</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3799,95</td>
<td>653330</td>
<td>3714,09</td>
<td>647606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8023</td>
<td>650304</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4149,99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919,41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.3.78 NR Intra-band contiguous configurations CA\_n78

###### 4.3.1.1.3.78.1 CA\_n78C

Editor\'s note: Test frequencies for CA\_n78C with mixed numerology with
SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60kHz; and SCS CC1=30kHz and SCS
CC2=15 kHz or 60 kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.3.78.1-1: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n78C (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), SCS 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW combination</th>
<th><p>CC</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301.08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3519.99</td>
<td>634666</td>
<td>3459.33</td>
<td>630622</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7846</td>
<td>633312</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3715.02</td>
<td>647668</td>
<td>3509.64</td>
<td>633976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=54.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3379.98</td>
<td>625332</td>
<td>3350.82</td>
<td>623388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7746</td>
<td>623712</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3574.95</td>
<td>638330</td>
<td>3509.07</td>
<td>633938</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7881</td>
<td>636672</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3769.98</td>
<td>651332</td>
<td>3559.38</td>
<td>637292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301.08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3510</td>
<td>634000</td>
<td>3449.34</td>
<td>629956</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7840</td>
<td>632736</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3695.13</td>
<td>646342</td>
<td>3489.75</td>
<td>632650</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=64.86 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3389.88</td>
<td>625992</td>
<td>3350.82</td>
<td>623388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7746</td>
<td>623712</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3574.86</td>
<td>638324</td>
<td>3499.08</td>
<td>633272</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7874</td>
<td>636000</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3759.99</td>
<td>650666</td>
<td>3539.49</td>
<td>635966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8003</td>
<td>648384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301.08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3500.01</td>
<td>633334</td>
<td>3439.35</td>
<td>629290</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7833</td>
<td>632064</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3675.24</td>
<td>645016</td>
<td>3469.86</td>
<td>631324</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=74.76 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3399.78</td>
<td>626652</td>
<td>3350.64</td>
<td>623376</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7745</td>
<td>623616</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3574.77</td>
<td>638318</td>
<td>3488.91</td>
<td>632594</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7867</td>
<td>635328</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3519.42</td>
<td>634628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3525</td>
<td>635000</td>
<td>3459.12</td>
<td>630608</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7846</td>
<td>633312</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3720.03</td>
<td>648002</td>
<td>3509.43</td>
<td>633962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7982</td>
<td>646368</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=54.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3384.96</td>
<td>625664</td>
<td>3361.02</td>
<td>624068</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3579.96</td>
<td>638664</td>
<td>3519.3</td>
<td>634620</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7888</td>
<td>637344</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3774.99</td>
<td>651666</td>
<td>3569.61</td>
<td>637974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8024</td>
<td>650400</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3519.99</td>
<td>634666</td>
<td>3454.11</td>
<td>630274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7843</td>
<td>633024</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3709.98</td>
<td>647332</td>
<td>3499.38</td>
<td>633292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7975</td>
<td>645696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=60 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3390</td>
<td>626000</td>
<td>3360.84</td>
<td>624056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3579.99</td>
<td>638666</td>
<td>3514.11</td>
<td>634274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3769.98</td>
<td>651332</td>
<td>3559.38</td>
<td>637292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3510</td>
<td>634000</td>
<td>3444.12</td>
<td>629608</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7836</td>
<td>632352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690.09</td>
<td>646006</td>
<td>3479.49</td>
<td>631966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=69.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3399.9</td>
<td>626660</td>
<td>3360.84</td>
<td>624056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3579.9</td>
<td>638660</td>
<td>3504.12</td>
<td>633608</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7878</td>
<td>636384</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3759.99</td>
<td>650666</td>
<td>3539.49</td>
<td>635966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8003</td>
<td>648384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3330</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3500.01</td>
<td>633334</td>
<td>3434.13</td>
<td>628942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7829</td>
<td>631680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3670.2</td>
<td>644680</td>
<td>3459.6</td>
<td>630640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=79.8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3409.8</td>
<td>627320</td>
<td>3360.66</td>
<td>624044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7752</td>
<td>624288</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3579.81</td>
<td>638654</td>
<td>3493.95</td>
<td>632930</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7871</td>
<td>635712</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3519.42</td>
<td>634628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3525</td>
<td>635000</td>
<td>3449.22</td>
<td>629948</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7839</td>
<td>632640</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3710.13</td>
<td>647342</td>
<td>3489.63</td>
<td>632642</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7968</td>
<td>645024</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=64.86 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3404.88</td>
<td>626992</td>
<td>3380.94</td>
<td>625396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7767</td>
<td>625728</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3589.86</td>
<td>639324</td>
<td>3529.2</td>
<td>635280</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3774.99</td>
<td>651666</td>
<td>3569.61</td>
<td>637974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8024</td>
<td>650400</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3519.99</td>
<td>634666</td>
<td>3444.21</td>
<td>629614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7836</td>
<td>632352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3700.08</td>
<td>646672</td>
<td>3479.58</td>
<td>631972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7961</td>
<td>644352</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=69.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3409.92</td>
<td>627328</td>
<td>3380.76</td>
<td>625384</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3589.89</td>
<td>639326</td>
<td>3524.01</td>
<td>634934</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3769.98</td>
<td>651332</td>
<td>3559.38</td>
<td>637292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>80+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3510</td>
<td>634000</td>
<td>3434.22</td>
<td>628948</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7829</td>
<td>631680</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3680.01</td>
<td>645334</td>
<td>3459.51</td>
<td>630634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=79.98 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3420</td>
<td>628000</td>
<td>3380.94</td>
<td>625396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7767</td>
<td>625728</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3589.98</td>
<td>639332</td>
<td>3514.2</td>
<td>634280</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3759.99</td>
<td>650666</td>
<td>3539.49</td>
<td>635966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8003</td>
<td>648384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80+100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3500.01</td>
<td>633334</td>
<td>3424.23</td>
<td>628282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7822</td>
<td>631008</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3660.12</td>
<td>644008</td>
<td>3439.62</td>
<td>629308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=89.88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3429.9</td>
<td>628660</td>
<td>3380.76</td>
<td>625384</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3589.89</td>
<td>639326</td>
<td>3504.03</td>
<td>633602</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7878</td>
<td>636384</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3519.42</td>
<td>634628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3525</td>
<td>635000</td>
<td>3439.14</td>
<td>629276</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7832</td>
<td>631968</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3700.23</td>
<td>646682</td>
<td>3469.65</td>
<td>631310</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7954</td>
<td>643680</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=74.76 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3424.77</td>
<td>628318</td>
<td>3400.83</td>
<td>626722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7780</td>
<td>626976</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3599.76</td>
<td>639984</td>
<td>3539.1</td>
<td>635940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7902</td>
<td>638688</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3774.99</td>
<td>651666</td>
<td>3569.61</td>
<td>637974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8024</td>
<td>650400</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100+60</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3519.99</td>
<td>634666</td>
<td>3434.13</td>
<td>628942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7829</td>
<td>631680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>208</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3690.18</td>
<td>646012</td>
<td>3459.6</td>
<td>630640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7947</td>
<td>643008</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=79.8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3429.81</td>
<td>628654</td>
<td>3400.65</td>
<td>626710</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7780</td>
<td>626976</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3599.79</td>
<td>639986</td>
<td>3533.91</td>
<td>635594</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7898</td>
<td>638304</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3769.98</td>
<td>651332</td>
<td>3559.38</td>
<td>637292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>100+80</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3510</td>
<td>634000</td>
<td>3424.14</td>
<td>628276</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7822</td>
<td>631008</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3670.11</td>
<td>644674</td>
<td>3439.53</td>
<td>629302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7933</td>
<td>641664</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=89.88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3439.89</td>
<td>629326</td>
<td>3400.83</td>
<td>626722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7780</td>
<td>626976</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3599.88</td>
<td>639992</td>
<td>3524.1</td>
<td>634940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7891</td>
<td>637632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3759.99</td>
<td>650666</td>
<td>3539.49</td>
<td>635966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8003</td>
<td>648384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>+100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3500.01</td>
<td>633334</td>
<td>3414.15</td>
<td>627610</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7815</td>
<td>630336</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3650.04</td>
<td>643336</td>
<td>3419.46</td>
<td>627964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=99.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3449.97</td>
<td>629998</td>
<td>3400.83</td>
<td>626722</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7780</td>
<td>626976</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3599.97</td>
<td>639998</td>
<td>3514.11</td>
<td>634274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7885</td>
<td>637056</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3750</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3519.42</td>
<td>634628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

###### 4.3.1.1.3.78.2 CA\_n78B

Editor\'s note: Test frequencies for CA\_n78B with mixed numerology with
SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60kHz; and SCS CC1=30kHz and SCS
CC2=15 kHz or 60 kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.3.78.2-1: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n78B (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), SCS 15 kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 15 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW combination</th>
<th><p>CC</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3310.005</td>
<td>620667</td>
<td>3300.465</td>
<td>620031</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3525</td>
<td>635000</td>
<td>3497.1</td>
<td>633140</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7860</td>
<td>634656</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>106</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3740.25</td>
<td>649350</td>
<td>3639.99</td>
<td>642666</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8010</td>
<td>649056</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>512</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=34.74 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3344.745</td>
<td>622983</td>
<td>3320.445</td>
<td>621363</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7725</td>
<td>621696</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3559.74</td>
<td>637316</td>
<td>3517.08</td>
<td>634472</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7874</td>
<td>636000</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>107</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3774.99</td>
<td>651666</td>
<td>3659.97</td>
<td>643998</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8024</td>
<td>650400</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325.005</td>
<td>621667</td>
<td>3300.705</td>
<td>620047</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3540</td>
<td>636000</td>
<td>3497.34</td>
<td>633156</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7860</td>
<td>634656</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>105</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3755.25</td>
<td>650350</td>
<td>3640.23</td>
<td>642682</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8010</td>
<td>649056</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=34.74 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3359.745</td>
<td>623983</td>
<td>3350.205</td>
<td>623347</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7745</td>
<td>623616</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3574.74</td>
<td>638316</td>
<td>3546.84</td>
<td>636456</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>110</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3789.99</td>
<td>652666</td>
<td>3689.73</td>
<td>645982</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8044</td>
<td>652320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.3.78.2-2: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n78B (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), SCS 30 kHz and ΔF~Raster~ 30 kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CBW combination</th>
<th><p>CC</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>CBW</p>
<p>[MHz]</p></th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th><p>carrierBandwidth</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p></th>
<th>Range</th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[MHz]</p>
<p>Note 2</p></th>
<th><p>Carrier centre</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th>point A<br />
[MHz]</th>
<th>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</th>
<th>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</th>
<th><p>SS block SCS</p>
<p>[kHz]</p></th>
<th>GSCN</th>
<th><p>absoluteFrequencySSB</p>
<p>[ARFCN]</p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</p>
<p>Note 3</p></th>
<th><p>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</p>
<p>[RBs])</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th><p>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</p>
<p>[PRBs]</p>
<p>Note 4</p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20+50</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3310.02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3525</td>
<td>635000</td>
<td>3479.1</td>
<td>631940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7860</td>
<td>634656</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3740.25</td>
<td>649350</td>
<td>3549.63</td>
<td>636642</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8010</td>
<td>649056</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=34.74 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3344.76</td>
<td>622984</td>
<td>3320.82</td>
<td>621388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7725</td>
<td>621696</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3559.74</td>
<td>637316</td>
<td>3499.08</td>
<td>633272</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7874</td>
<td>636000</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>206</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3774.99</td>
<td>651666</td>
<td>3569.61</td>
<td>637974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8024</td>
<td>650400</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>50+20</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301.08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3540</td>
<td>636000</td>
<td>3479.34</td>
<td>631956</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7860</td>
<td>634656</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>204</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3755.25</td>
<td>650350</td>
<td>3549.87</td>
<td>636658</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8010</td>
<td>649056</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2=34.74 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>3359.76</td>
<td>623984</td>
<td>3350.58</td>
<td>623372</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7745</td>
<td>623616</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>3574.74</td>
<td>638316</td>
<td>3528.84</td>
<td>635256</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>7895</td>
<td>638016</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>210</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>3789.99</td>
<td>652666</td>
<td>3599.37</td>
<td>639958</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8044</td>
<td>652320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 4.3.1.1.3.79 NR Intra-band contiguous configurations CA\_n79 {#nr-intra-band-contiguous-configurations-ca_n79 .H6}

##### 4.3.1.1.3.79.1 CA\_n79C {#ca_n79c .H6}

Editor\'s note: Test frequencies for CA\_n79C with mixed numerology with
SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60kHz; and SCS CC1=30kHz and SCS
CC2=15 kHz or 60 kHz is FFS.

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p>Table 4.3.1.1.3.79.1-1: NR Intra-Band contiguous CA configuration CA_n79C (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), SCS 30 kHz<strong>CBW combination</strong></p>
<p><strong>(BCS)</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CC</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CBW</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 4</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 4</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+60)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4425.00</td>
<td>695000</td>
<td>4401.06</td>
<td>693404</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4670.01</td>
<td>711334</td>
<td>4609.35</td>
<td>707290</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8656</td>
<td>711072</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>41</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>294</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4915.02</td>
<td>727668</td>
<td>4709.64</td>
<td>713976</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8816</td>
<td>726432</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 54.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4479.96</td>
<td>698664</td>
<td>4450.80</td>
<td>696720</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8512</td>
<td>697248</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>24</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4724.97</td>
<td>714998</td>
<td>4659.09</td>
<td>710606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8688</td>
<td>714144</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>274</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4969.98</td>
<td>731332</td>
<td>4759.38</td>
<td>717292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>54</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1124</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(50+80)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4425.00</td>
<td>695000</td>
<td>4401.06</td>
<td>693404</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4659.99</td>
<td>710666</td>
<td>4599.33</td>
<td>706622</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8640</td>
<td>709536</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>222</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4895.13</td>
<td>726342</td>
<td>4689.75</td>
<td>712650</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8816</td>
<td>726432</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>56</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1128</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 64.86 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4489.86</td>
<td>699324</td>
<td>4450.80</td>
<td>696720</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8512</td>
<td>697248</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>24</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4724.85</td>
<td>714990</td>
<td>4649.07</td>
<td>709938</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8688</td>
<td>714144</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>59</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>330</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4959.99</td>
<td>730666</td>
<td>4739.49</td>
<td>715966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8848</td>
<td>729504</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>46</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1108</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+100)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4425.00</td>
<td>695000</td>
<td>4401.06</td>
<td>693404</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4650.00</td>
<td>710000</td>
<td>4589.34</td>
<td>705956</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8640</td>
<td>709536</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>33</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>278</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4875.24</td>
<td>725016</td>
<td>4669.86</td>
<td>711324</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8800</td>
<td>724896</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>47</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1110</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 74.76 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4499.76</td>
<td>699984</td>
<td>4450.62</td>
<td>696708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8512</td>
<td>697248</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>24</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4724.76</td>
<td>714984</td>
<td>4638.90</td>
<td>709260</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8672</td>
<td>712608</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>23</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>258</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4950.00</td>
<td>730000</td>
<td>4719.42</td>
<td>714628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8832</td>
<td>727968</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>37</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1090</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(60+50)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4430.01</td>
<td>695334</td>
<td>4400.85</td>
<td>693390</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4674.99</td>
<td>711666</td>
<td>4609.11</td>
<td>707274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8656</td>
<td>711072</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>42</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>296</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4920.03</td>
<td>728002</td>
<td>4709.43</td>
<td>713962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8816</td>
<td>726432</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1018</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 54.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4484.97</td>
<td>698998</td>
<td>4461.03</td>
<td>697402</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8528</td>
<td>698784</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>43</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>94</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4729.95</td>
<td>715330</td>
<td>4669.29</td>
<td>711286</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8688</td>
<td>714144</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>218</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4974.99</td>
<td>731666</td>
<td>4769.61</td>
<td>717974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1068</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(60+60)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4430.01</td>
<td>695334</td>
<td>4400.85</td>
<td>693390</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4670.01</td>
<td>711334</td>
<td>4604.13</td>
<td>706942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8656</td>
<td>711072</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>56</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>324</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4909.98</td>
<td>727332</td>
<td>4699.38</td>
<td>713292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8816</td>
<td>726432</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>29</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1074</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 60.0 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4490.01</td>
<td>699334</td>
<td>4460.85</td>
<td>697390</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8528</td>
<td>698784</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>44</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>96</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4730.01</td>
<td>715334</td>
<td>4664.13</td>
<td>710942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8688</td>
<td>714144</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>17</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>246</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4969.98</td>
<td>731332</td>
<td>4759.38</td>
<td>717292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>54</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1124</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(60+80)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4430.01</td>
<td>695334</td>
<td>4400.85</td>
<td>693390</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4659.99</td>
<td>710666</td>
<td>4594.11</td>
<td>706274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8640</td>
<td>709536</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>19</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>250</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4890.09</td>
<td>726006</td>
<td>4679.49</td>
<td>711966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8800</td>
<td>724896</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1056</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 69.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4499.91</td>
<td>699994</td>
<td>4460.85</td>
<td>697390</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8528</td>
<td>698784</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>44</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>96</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4729.89</td>
<td>715326</td>
<td>4654.11</td>
<td>710274</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8688</td>
<td>714144</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>302</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4959.99</td>
<td>730666</td>
<td>4739.49</td>
<td>715966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8848</td>
<td>729504</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>46</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1108</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(60+100)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4430.01</td>
<td>695334</td>
<td>4400.85</td>
<td>693390</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4650.00</td>
<td>710000</td>
<td>4584.12</td>
<td>705608</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8640</td>
<td>709536</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>47</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>306</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4870.20</td>
<td>724680</td>
<td>4659.60</td>
<td>710640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8784</td>
<td>723360</td>
<td>-0</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1040</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 79.8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4509.81</td>
<td>700654</td>
<td>4460.67</td>
<td>697378</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8528</td>
<td>698784</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>44</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>96</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4729.80</td>
<td>715320</td>
<td>4643.94</td>
<td>709596</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8672</td>
<td>712608</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>230</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4950.00</td>
<td>730000</td>
<td>4719.42</td>
<td>714628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8832</td>
<td>727968</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>37</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1090</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(80+50)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4440.00</td>
<td>696000</td>
<td>4400.94</td>
<td>693396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4674.99</td>
<td>711666</td>
<td>4599.21</td>
<td>706614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8640</td>
<td>709536</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>222</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4910.13</td>
<td>727342</td>
<td>4689.63</td>
<td>712642</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8816</td>
<td>726432</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>56</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1128</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 64.86 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4504.86</td>
<td>700324</td>
<td>4480.92</td>
<td>698728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8544</td>
<td>700320</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>112</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4739.85</td>
<td>715990</td>
<td>4679.19</td>
<td>711946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8704</td>
<td>715680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>39</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>290</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4974.99</td>
<td>731666</td>
<td>4769.61</td>
<td>717974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1068</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(80+60)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4440.00</td>
<td>696000</td>
<td>4400.94</td>
<td>693396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4670.01</td>
<td>711334</td>
<td>4594.23</td>
<td>706282</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8640</td>
<td>709536</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>19</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>250</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4900.08</td>
<td>726672</td>
<td>4679.58</td>
<td>711972</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8800</td>
<td>724896</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1056</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 69.9 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4509.90</td>
<td>700660</td>
<td>4480.74</td>
<td>698716</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8544</td>
<td>700320</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>112</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4739.91</td>
<td>715994</td>
<td>4674.03</td>
<td>711602</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8704</td>
<td>715680</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>53</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>318</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4969.98</td>
<td>731332</td>
<td>4759.38</td>
<td>717292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>54</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1124</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(80+80)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4440.00</td>
<td>696000</td>
<td>4400.94</td>
<td>693396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4659.99</td>
<td>710666</td>
<td>4584.21</td>
<td>705614</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8640</td>
<td>709536</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>47</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>306</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4880.01</td>
<td>725334</td>
<td>4659.51</td>
<td>710634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8784</td>
<td>723360</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1040</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 79.98 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4519.98</td>
<td>701332</td>
<td>4480.92</td>
<td>698728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8544</td>
<td>700320</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>112</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4739.97</td>
<td>715998</td>
<td>4664.19</td>
<td>710946</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8688</td>
<td>714144</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>17</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>246</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4959.99</td>
<td>730666</td>
<td>4739.49</td>
<td>715966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8848</td>
<td>729504</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>46</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1108</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+50)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4450.02</td>
<td>696668</td>
<td>4400.88</td>
<td>693392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4674.99</td>
<td>711666</td>
<td>4589.13</td>
<td>705942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8640</td>
<td>709536</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>33</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>278</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4900.23</td>
<td>726682</td>
<td>4669.65</td>
<td>711310</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8800</td>
<td>724896</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>48</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1112</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 74.76 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4524.78</td>
<td>701652</td>
<td>4500.84</td>
<td>700056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8544</td>
<td>700320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4749.75</td>
<td>716650</td>
<td>4689.09</td>
<td>712606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8704</td>
<td>715680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>236</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4974.99</td>
<td>731666</td>
<td>4769.61</td>
<td>717974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1068</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(100+60)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4450.02</td>
<td>696668</td>
<td>4400.88</td>
<td>693392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4670.01</td>
<td>711334</td>
<td>4584.15</td>
<td>705610</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8640</td>
<td>709536</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>47</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>306</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4890.18</td>
<td>726012</td>
<td>4659.60</td>
<td>710640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8784</td>
<td>723360</td>
<td>-0</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1040</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 79.8 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4529.82</td>
<td>701988</td>
<td>4500.66</td>
<td>700044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8544</td>
<td>700320</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4749.81</td>
<td>716654</td>
<td>4683.93</td>
<td>712262</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8704</td>
<td>715680</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>26</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>264</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4969.98</td>
<td>731332</td>
<td>4759.38</td>
<td>717292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8864</td>
<td>731040</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>54</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1124</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+80)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4450.02</td>
<td>696668</td>
<td>4400.88</td>
<td>693392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4659.99</td>
<td>710666</td>
<td>4574.13</td>
<td>704942</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8624</td>
<td>708000</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>234</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4870.11</td>
<td>724674</td>
<td>4639.53</td>
<td>709302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8768</td>
<td>721824</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1022</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 89.88 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4539.90</td>
<td>702660</td>
<td>4500.84</td>
<td>700056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8544</td>
<td>700320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4749.87</td>
<td>716658</td>
<td>4674.09</td>
<td>711606</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8704</td>
<td>715680</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>53</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>318</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4959.99</td>
<td>730666</td>
<td>4739.49</td>
<td>715966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8848</td>
<td>729504</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>46</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1108</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(100+100)</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4450.02</td>
<td>696668</td>
<td>4400.88</td>
<td>693392</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8480</td>
<td>694176</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>44</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(0)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4650.00</td>
<td>710000</td>
<td>4564.14</td>
<td>704276</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8624</td>
<td>708000</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>39</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>290</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4850.04</td>
<td>723336</td>
<td>4619.46</td>
<td>707964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8768</td>
<td>721824</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>59</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1134</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>Channel spacing CC1-CC2 = 99.96 MHz (Note 1)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>Downlink</td>
<td>Low</td>
<td>4549.98</td>
<td>703332</td>
<td>4500.84</td>
<td>700056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8544</td>
<td>700320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td>Mid</td>
<td>4749.96</td>
<td>716664</td>
<td>4664.10</td>
<td>710940</td>
<td>102</td>
<td></td>
<td>8688</td>
<td>714144</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>17</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>246</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Uplink</td>
<td>High</td>
<td>4950.00</td>
<td>730000</td>
<td>4719.42</td>
<td>714628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td></td>
<td>8832</td>
<td>727968</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>37</td>
<td>1 (4)</td>
<td>1090</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: Corresponds to nominal channel spacing in accordance with TS 38.101-1 [7], clause 5.4A.1 for the CC1 and CC2 channel bandwidth combination.</p>
<p>Note 2: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 3: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 4: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-4 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 5: UL CA is only supported for BCS0. I.e. the test frequencies for uplink CC2 are only supported for BCS0.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 4.3.1.1.4 Void

##### 4.3.1.1.5 NR intra-band non-contiguous CA configurations in FR1

###### 4.3.1.1.5.1 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.5.2 CA\_n2(xA)

4.3.1.1.5.2.1 CA\_n2(2A)

Editor's note: Test frequencies for CA\_n2(2A) with mixed numerology
with SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60kHz; and SCS CC1=30kHz and
SCS CC2=15 kHz or 60 kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.5.2.1-1: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n2(2A) without UL CA, SCS=15 kHz, Max Wgap

+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Sb CBW   | SB       | B        | Range    | Gap  | Test     |
| com      |          | andwidth |          |      | fre      |
| bination | (Note 2) | \[MHz\]  | (Note    |      | quencies |
|          |          |          | 1,3)     |      | and      |
| (BCS)    |          |          |          |      | si       |
|          |          |          |          |      | gnalling |
|          |          |          |          |      | pa       |
|          |          |          |          |      | rameters |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+======+==========+
| CA\      |          |          |          |      |          |
| _n2(2A): |          |          |          |      |          |
| n2A +    |          |          |          |      |          |
| n2A      |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(0\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.   |
|          |          |          |          |      | 1.1.2-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 5, 10, |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20   |
|          |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.   |
|          |          |          |          |      | 1.1.2-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 5, 10, |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20   |
|          |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| Only one |          |          |          |      |          |
| range    |          |          |          |      |          |
| has been |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| as the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| maximum  |          |          |          |      |          |
| m        |          |          |          |      |          |
| axAggreg |          |          |          |      |          |
| atedFsBW |          |          |          |      |          |
| for FR1  |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR       |          |          |          |      |          |
| in       |          |          |          |      |          |
| tra-band |          |          |          |      |          |
| non-co   |          |          |          |      |          |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |      |          |
| without  |          |          |          |      |          |
| UL CA    |          |          |          |      |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |      |          |
| the full |          |          |          |      |          |
| bandwith |          |          |          |      |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR band  |          |          |          |      |          |
| (Table   |          |          |          |      |          |
| C.2.4.   |          |          |          |      |          |
| 3.1A-1). |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| PCC is   |          |          |          |      |          |
| co       |          |          |          |      |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |      |          |
| on SB1   |          |          |          |      |          |
| unless   |          |          |          |      |          |
| o        |          |          |          |      |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |      |          |
| stated.  |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| The test |          |          |          |      |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |      |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 and  |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 have |          |          |          |      |          |
| been     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |      |          |
| and      |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |          |          |          |      |          |
| to       |          |          |          |      |          |
| enable   |          |          |          |      |          |
| that the |          |          |          |      |          |
| CC of    |          |          |          |      |          |
| either   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 or   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 can  |          |          |          |      |          |
| be used  |          |          |          |      |          |
| as PCC.  |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+

Table 4.3.1.1.5.2.1-2: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n2(2A) without UL CA, SCS=30 kHz, Max Wgap

+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Sb CBW   | SB       | B        | Range    | Gap  | Test     |
| com      |          | andwidth |          |      | fre      |
| bination | (Note 2) | \[MHz\]  | (Note    |      | quencies |
|          |          |          | 1,3)     |      | and      |
| (BCS)    |          |          |          |      | si       |
|          |          |          |          |      | gnalling |
|          |          |          |          |      | pa       |
|          |          |          |          |      | rameters |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+======+==========+
| CA\      |          |          |          |      |          |
| _n2(2A): |          |          |          |      |          |
| n2A +    |          |          |          |      |          |
| n2A      |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(0\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.   |
|          |          |          |          |      | 1.1.2-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20   |
|          |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.   |
|          |          |          |          |      | 1.1.2-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20   |
|          |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| Only one |          |          |          |      |          |
| range    |          |          |          |      |          |
| has been |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| as the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| maximum  |          |          |          |      |          |
| m        |          |          |          |      |          |
| axAggreg |          |          |          |      |          |
| atedFsBW |          |          |          |      |          |
| for FR1  |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR       |          |          |          |      |          |
| in       |          |          |          |      |          |
| tra-band |          |          |          |      |          |
| non-co   |          |          |          |      |          |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |      |          |
| without  |          |          |          |      |          |
| UL CA    |          |          |          |      |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |      |          |
| the full |          |          |          |      |          |
| bandwith |          |          |          |      |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR band  |          |          |          |      |          |
| (Table   |          |          |          |      |          |
| C.2.4.   |          |          |          |      |          |
| 3.1A-1). |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| PCC is   |          |          |          |      |          |
| co       |          |          |          |      |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |      |          |
| on SB1   |          |          |          |      |          |
| unless   |          |          |          |      |          |
| o        |          |          |          |      |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |      |          |
| stated.  |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| The test |          |          |          |      |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |      |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 and  |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 have |          |          |          |      |          |
| been     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |      |          |
| and      |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |          |          |          |      |          |
| to       |          |          |          |      |          |
| enable   |          |          |          |      |          |
| that the |          |          |          |      |          |
| CC of    |          |          |          |      |          |
| either   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 or   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 can  |          |          |          |      |          |
| be used  |          |          |          |      |          |
| as PCC.  |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+

###### 4.3.1.1.5.3 -- 4.3.1.1.5.47 FFS

##### 4.3.1.1.5.48 CA\_n48(xA) {#ca_n48xa .H6}

##### 4.3.1.1.5.48.1 CA\_n48(2A) {#ca_n482a .H6}

Editor's note: Test frequencies for CA\_n48(2A) with mixed numerology
with SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60kHz; and SCS CC1=30kHz and
SCS CC2=15 kHz or 60 kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.5.48.1-1: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n48(2A) without UL CA, SCS=15 kHz, Max Wgap

+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
| **Sb CBW | **SB**   | **B      | *        | **Gap** | **Test   |
| combi    |          | andwidth | *Range** |         | fre      |
| nation** | **(Note  | \        |          |         | quencies |
|          | 2)**     | [MHz\]** | **(Note  |         | and      |
| *        |          |          | 1,3)**   |         | si       |
| *(BCS)** |          |          |          |         | gnalling |
|          |          |          |          |         | para     |
|          |          |          |          |         | meters** |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+=========+==========+
| **CA\_   |          |          |          |         |          |
| n48(2A): |          |          |          |         |          |
| n48A +   |          |          |          |         |          |
| n48A**   |          |          |          |         |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max     | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |         | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap    | use      |
| \(0\)    |          |          |          |         | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |         | .1.48-1: |
|          |          |          |          |         | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |         | range    |
|          |          |          |          |         | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |         | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 40, 50   |
|          |          |          |          |         | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |         | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |         | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | use      |
|          |          |          |          |         | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |         | .1.48-1: |
|          |          |          |          |         | High     |
|          |          |          |          |         | range    |
|          |          |          |          |         | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |         | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 40, 50   |
|          |          |          |          |         | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max     | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |         | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap    | use      |
| \(1\)    |          |          |          |         | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |         | .1.48-1: |
|          |          |          |          |         | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |         | range    |
|          |          |          |          |         | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |         | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 30, 40,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 50 MHz   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |         | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |         | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | use      |
|          |          |          |          |         | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |         | .1.48-1: |
|          |          |          |          |         | High     |
|          |          |          |          |         | range    |
|          |          |          |          |         | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |         | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 30, 40,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 50 MHz   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |         |          |
| Only one |          |          |          |         |          |
| range    |          |          |          |         |          |
| has been |          |          |          |         |          |
| s        |          |          |          |         |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |         |          |
| as the   |          |          |          |         |          |
| maximum  |          |          |          |         |          |
| m        |          |          |          |         |          |
| axAggreg |          |          |          |         |          |
| atedFsBW |          |          |          |         |          |
| for FR1  |          |          |          |         |          |
| NR       |          |          |          |         |          |
| in       |          |          |          |         |          |
| tra-band |          |          |          |         |          |
| non-co   |          |          |          |         |          |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |         |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |         |          |
| without  |          |          |          |         |          |
| UL CA    |          |          |          |         |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |         |          |
| the full |          |          |          |         |          |
| bandwith |          |          |          |         |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |         |          |
| NR band  |          |          |          |         |          |
| (Table   |          |          |          |         |          |
| C.2.4.   |          |          |          |         |          |
| 3.1A-1). |          |          |          |         |          |
|          |          |          |          |         |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |         |          |
| PCC is   |          |          |          |         |          |
| co       |          |          |          |         |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |         |          |
| on SB1   |          |          |          |         |          |
| unless   |          |          |          |         |          |
| o        |          |          |          |         |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |         |          |
| stated.  |          |          |          |         |          |
|          |          |          |          |         |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |         |          |
| The test |          |          |          |         |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |         |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |         |          |
| for both |          |          |          |         |          |
| SB1 and  |          |          |          |         |          |
| SB2 have |          |          |          |         |          |
| been     |          |          |          |         |          |
| s        |          |          |          |         |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |         |          |
| for both |          |          |          |         |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |         |          |
| and      |          |          |          |         |          |
| uplink   |          |          |          |         |          |
| to       |          |          |          |         |          |
| enable   |          |          |          |         |          |
| that the |          |          |          |         |          |
| CC of    |          |          |          |         |          |
| either   |          |          |          |         |          |
| SB1 or   |          |          |          |         |          |
| SB2 can  |          |          |          |         |          |
| be used  |          |          |          |         |          |
| as PCC.  |          |          |          |         |          |
|          |          |          |          |         |          |
| Note 4:  |          |          |          |         |          |
| For the  |          |          |          |         |          |
| 50 MHz   |          |          |          |         |          |
| b        |          |          |          |         |          |
| andwidth |          |          |          |         |          |
| or more, |          |          |          |         |          |
| the      |          |          |          |         |          |
| minimum  |          |          |          |         |          |
| requ     |          |          |          |         |          |
| irements |          |          |          |         |          |
| are      |          |          |          |         |          |
| re       |          |          |          |         |          |
| stricted |          |          |          |         |          |
| to       |          |          |          |         |          |
| o        |          |          |          |         |          |
| peration |          |          |          |         |          |
| when     |          |          |          |         |          |
| carrier  |          |          |          |         |          |
| is       |          |          |          |         |          |
| co       |          |          |          |         |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |         |          |
| as a     |          |          |          |         |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |         |          |
| SCell    |          |          |          |         |          |
| part of  |          |          |          |         |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |         |          |
| config   |          |          |          |         |          |
| uration. |          |          |          |         |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+

Table 4.3.1.1.5.48.1-2: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n48(2A) without UL CA, SCS=30 kHz, Max Wgap

+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
| **SB CBW | **SB**   | **B      | *        | **Gap** | **Test   |
| combi    |          | andwidth | *Range** |         | fre      |
| nation** | **(Note  | \        |          |         | quencies |
|          | 2)**     | [MHz\]** | **(Note  |         | and      |
| *        |          |          | 1,3)**   |         | si       |
| *(BCS)** |          |          |          |         | gnalling |
|          |          |          |          |         | para     |
|          |          |          |          |         | meters** |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+=========+==========+
| **CA\_   |          |          |          |         |          |
| n48(2A): |          |          |          |         |          |
| n48A +   |          |          |          |         |          |
| n48A**   |          |          |          |         |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max     | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |         | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap    | use      |
| \(0\)    |          |          |          |         | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |         | .1.48-2: |
|          |          |          |          |         | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |         | range    |
|          |          |          |          |         | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |         | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 40, 50,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 60, 80,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 90, 100  |
|          |          |          |          |         | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |         | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |         | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | use      |
|          |          |          |          |         | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |         | .1.48-2: |
|          |          |          |          |         | High     |
|          |          |          |          |         | range    |
|          |          |          |          |         | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |         | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 40, 50,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 60, 80,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 90, 100  |
|          |          |          |          |         | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max     | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |         | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap    | use      |
| \(1\)    |          |          |          |         | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |         | .1.48-2: |
|          |          |          |          |         | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |         | range    |
|          |          |          |          |         | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |         | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 30, 40,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 50, 60,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 70, 80,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 90, 100  |
|          |          |          |          |         | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |         | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |         | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | use      |
|          |          |          |          |         | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |         | .1.48-2: |
|          |          |          |          |         | High     |
|          |          |          |          |         | range    |
|          |          |          |          |         | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |         | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |         | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 30, 40,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 50, 60,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 70, 80,  |
|          |          |          |          |         | 90, 100  |
|          |          |          |          |         | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |         |          |
| Only one |          |          |          |         |          |
| range    |          |          |          |         |          |
| has been |          |          |          |         |          |
| s        |          |          |          |         |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |         |          |
| as the   |          |          |          |         |          |
| maximum  |          |          |          |         |          |
| m        |          |          |          |         |          |
| axAggreg |          |          |          |         |          |
| atedFsBW |          |          |          |         |          |
| for FR1  |          |          |          |         |          |
| NR       |          |          |          |         |          |
| in       |          |          |          |         |          |
| tra-band |          |          |          |         |          |
| non-co   |          |          |          |         |          |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |         |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |         |          |
| without  |          |          |          |         |          |
| UL CA    |          |          |          |         |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |         |          |
| the full |          |          |          |         |          |
| bandwith |          |          |          |         |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |         |          |
| NR band  |          |          |          |         |          |
| (Table   |          |          |          |         |          |
| C.2.4.   |          |          |          |         |          |
| 3.1A-1). |          |          |          |         |          |
|          |          |          |          |         |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |         |          |
| PCC is   |          |          |          |         |          |
| co       |          |          |          |         |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |         |          |
| on SB1   |          |          |          |         |          |
| unless   |          |          |          |         |          |
| o        |          |          |          |         |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |         |          |
| stated.  |          |          |          |         |          |
|          |          |          |          |         |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |         |          |
| The test |          |          |          |         |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |         |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |         |          |
| for both |          |          |          |         |          |
| SB1 and  |          |          |          |         |          |
| SB2 have |          |          |          |         |          |
| been     |          |          |          |         |          |
| s        |          |          |          |         |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |         |          |
| for both |          |          |          |         |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |         |          |
| and      |          |          |          |         |          |
| uplink   |          |          |          |         |          |
| to       |          |          |          |         |          |
| enable   |          |          |          |         |          |
| that the |          |          |          |         |          |
| CC of    |          |          |          |         |          |
| either   |          |          |          |         |          |
| SB1 or   |          |          |          |         |          |
| SB2 can  |          |          |          |         |          |
| be used  |          |          |          |         |          |
| as PCC.  |          |          |          |         |          |
|          |          |          |          |         |          |
| Note 4:  |          |          |          |         |          |
| For the  |          |          |          |         |          |
| 50 MHz   |          |          |          |         |          |
| b        |          |          |          |         |          |
| andwidth |          |          |          |         |          |
| or more, |          |          |          |         |          |
| the      |          |          |          |         |          |
| minimum  |          |          |          |         |          |
| requ     |          |          |          |         |          |
| irements |          |          |          |         |          |
| are      |          |          |          |         |          |
| re       |          |          |          |         |          |
| stricted |          |          |          |         |          |
| to       |          |          |          |         |          |
| o        |          |          |          |         |          |
| peration |          |          |          |         |          |
| when     |          |          |          |         |          |
| carrier  |          |          |          |         |          |
| is       |          |          |          |         |          |
| co       |          |          |          |         |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |         |          |
| as a     |          |          |          |         |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |         |          |
| SCell    |          |          |          |         |          |
| part of  |          |          |          |         |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |         |          |
| config   |          |          |          |         |          |
| uration. |          |          |          |         |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+---------+----------+

##### 4.3.1.1.5.49 -- 4.3.1.1.5.65 FFS {#ffs-16 .H6}

###### 4.3.1.1.5.66 CA\_n66(xA)

####### 4.3.1.1.5.66.1 CA\_n66(2A)

Editor's note: Test frequencies for CA\_n66(2A) with mixed numerology
with SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60kHz; and SCS CC1=30kHz and
SCS CC2=15 kHz or 60 kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.5.66.1-1: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n66(2A) without UL CA, SCS=15 kHz, Max Wgap

+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Sb CBW   | SB       | B        | Range    | Gap  | Test     |
| com      |          | andwidth |          |      | fre      |
| bination | (Note 2) | \[MHz\]  | (Note    |      | quencies |
|          |          |          | 1,3)     |      | and      |
| (BCS)    |          |          |          |      | si       |
|          |          |          |          |      | gnalling |
|          |          |          |          |      | pa       |
|          |          |          |          |      | rameters |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+======+==========+
| CA\_     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66(2A): |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66A +   |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66A     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(0\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 5, 10, |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB1 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 5, 10, |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB2 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(1\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 5, 10, |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 25, 30,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB1 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 5, 10, |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 25, 30,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB2 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(2\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 5, 10, |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB1 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 5, 10, |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB2 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| Only one |          |          |          |      |          |
| range    |          |          |          |      |          |
| has been |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| as the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| maximum  |          |          |          |      |          |
| m        |          |          |          |      |          |
| axAggreg |          |          |          |      |          |
| atedFsBW |          |          |          |      |          |
| for FR1  |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR       |          |          |          |      |          |
| in       |          |          |          |      |          |
| tra-band |          |          |          |      |          |
| non-co   |          |          |          |      |          |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |      |          |
| without  |          |          |          |      |          |
| UL CA    |          |          |          |      |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |      |          |
| the full |          |          |          |      |          |
| bandwith |          |          |          |      |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR band  |          |          |          |      |          |
| (Table   |          |          |          |      |          |
| C.2.4.   |          |          |          |      |          |
| 3.1A-1). |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| PCC is   |          |          |          |      |          |
| co       |          |          |          |      |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |      |          |
| on SB1   |          |          |          |      |          |
| unless   |          |          |          |      |          |
| o        |          |          |          |      |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |      |          |
| stated.  |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| The test |          |          |          |      |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |      |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 and  |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 have |          |          |          |      |          |
| been     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |      |          |
| and      |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |          |          |          |      |          |
| to       |          |          |          |      |          |
| enable   |          |          |          |      |          |
| that the |          |          |          |      |          |
| CC of    |          |          |          |      |          |
| either   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 or   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 can  |          |          |          |      |          |
| be used  |          |          |          |      |          |
| as PCC.  |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+

Table 4.3.1.1.5.66.1-2: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n66(2A) without UL CA, SCS=30 kHz, Max Wgap

+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| SB CBW   | SB       | B        | Range    | Gap  | Test     |
| com      |          | andwidth |          |      | fre      |
| bination | (Note 2) | \[MHz\]  | (Note    |      | quencies |
|          |          |          | 1,3)     |      | and      |
| (BCS)    |          |          |          |      | si       |
|          |          |          |          |      | gnalling |
|          |          |          |          |      | pa       |
|          |          |          |          |      | rameters |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+======+==========+
| CA\_     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66(2A): |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66A +   |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66A     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(0\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB1 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB2 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(1\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 25, 30,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB1 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 25, 30,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB2 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(2\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB1 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB2 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| Only one |          |          |          |      |          |
| range    |          |          |          |      |          |
| has been |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| as the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| maximum  |          |          |          |      |          |
| m        |          |          |          |      |          |
| axAggreg |          |          |          |      |          |
| atedFsBW |          |          |          |      |          |
| for FR1  |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR       |          |          |          |      |          |
| in       |          |          |          |      |          |
| tra-band |          |          |          |      |          |
| non-co   |          |          |          |      |          |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |      |          |
| without  |          |          |          |      |          |
| UL CA    |          |          |          |      |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |      |          |
| the full |          |          |          |      |          |
| bandwith |          |          |          |      |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR band  |          |          |          |      |          |
| (Table   |          |          |          |      |          |
| C.2.4.   |          |          |          |      |          |
| 3.1A-1). |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| PCC is   |          |          |          |      |          |
| co       |          |          |          |      |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |      |          |
| on SB1   |          |          |          |      |          |
| unless   |          |          |          |      |          |
| o        |          |          |          |      |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |      |          |
| stated.  |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| The test |          |          |          |      |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |      |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 and  |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 have |          |          |          |      |          |
| been     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |      |          |
| and      |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |          |          |          |      |          |
| to       |          |          |          |      |          |
| enable   |          |          |          |      |          |
| that the |          |          |          |      |          |
| CC of    |          |          |          |      |          |
| either   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 or   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 can  |          |          |          |      |          |
| be used  |          |          |          |      |          |
| as PCC.  |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+

####### 4.3.1.1.5.66.2 CA\_n66(3A)

Editor's note: Test frequencies for CA\_n66(3A) with mixed numerology is
FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.5.66.2-1: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n66(3A) without UL CA, SCS 15 kHz, frequency raster 100 kHz, and Max
Wgap

+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| SB CBW   | SB       | B        | Range    | Gap  | Test     |
| com      |          | andwidth |          |      | fre      |
| bination | (Note 2) | \[MHz\]  | (Note    |      | quencies |
|          |          |          | 1,3)     |      | and      |
| (BCS)    |          |          |          |      | si       |
|          |          |          |          |      | gnalling |
|          |          |          |          |      | pa       |
|          |          |          |          |      | rameters |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+======+==========+
| CA\_     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66(3A): |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66A +   |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66A +   |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66A     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| +CBW3    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
| \(0\)    |          |          |          |      | .1.66-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 5, 10, |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB1 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Mid      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 5, 10, |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB2 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB3      | CBW3     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW3,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 5, 10, |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB3 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| Only one |          |          |          |      |          |
| range    |          |          |          |      |          |
| has been |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| as the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| maximum  |          |          |          |      |          |
| m        |          |          |          |      |          |
| axAggreg |          |          |          |      |          |
| atedFsBW |          |          |          |      |          |
| for FR1  |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR       |          |          |          |      |          |
| in       |          |          |          |      |          |
| tra-band |          |          |          |      |          |
| non-co   |          |          |          |      |          |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |      |          |
| without  |          |          |          |      |          |
| UL CA    |          |          |          |      |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |      |          |
| the full |          |          |          |      |          |
| bandwith |          |          |          |      |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR band  |          |          |          |      |          |
| (Table   |          |          |          |      |          |
| C.2.4.   |          |          |          |      |          |
| 3.1A-1). |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| PCC is   |          |          |          |      |          |
| co       |          |          |          |      |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |      |          |
| on SB1   |          |          |          |      |          |
| unless   |          |          |          |      |          |
| o        |          |          |          |      |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |      |          |
| stated.  |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| The test |          |          |          |      |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |      |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |      |          |
| for SB1, |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 and  |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB3 have |          |          |          |      |          |
| been     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |      |          |
| and      |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |          |          |          |      |          |
| to       |          |          |          |      |          |
| enable   |          |          |          |      |          |
| that the |          |          |          |      |          |
| CC of    |          |          |          |      |          |
| either   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1, SB2 |          |          |          |      |          |
| or SB3   |          |          |          |      |          |
| can be   |          |          |          |      |          |
| used as  |          |          |          |      |          |
| PCC.     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+

Table 4.3.1.1.5.66.2-2: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n66(3A) without UL CA, SCS 30 kHz, frequency raster 100 kHz, and Max
Wgap

+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| SB CBW   | SB       | B        | Range    | Gap  | Test     |
| com      |          | andwidth |          |      | fre      |
| bination | (Note 2) | \[MHz\]  | (Note    |      | quencies |
|          |          |          | 1,3)     |      | and      |
| (BCS)    |          |          |          |      | si       |
|          |          |          |          |      | gnalling |
|          |          |          |          |      | pa       |
|          |          |          |          |      | rameters |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+======+==========+
| CA\_     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66(3A): |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66A +   |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66A +   |          |          |          |      |          |
| n66A     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| +CBW3    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
| \(0\)    |          |          |          |      | .1.66-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB1 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Mid      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB2 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB3      | CBW3     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW3,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.66-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40 MHz,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | and if   |
|          |          |          |          |      | SB3 is   |
|          |          |          |          |      | used as  |
|          |          |          |          |      | PCC the  |
|          |          |          |          |      | ap       |
|          |          |          |          |      | plicable |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL/DL    |
|          |          |          |          |      | B        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
|          |          |          |          |      | com      |
|          |          |          |          |      | bination |
|          |          |          |          |      | d        |
|          |          |          |          |      | epending |
|          |          |          |          |      | on       |
|          |          |          |          |      | required |
|          |          |          |          |      | UL       |
|          |          |          |          |      | b        |
|          |          |          |          |      | andwidth |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| Only one |          |          |          |      |          |
| range    |          |          |          |      |          |
| has been |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| as the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| maximum  |          |          |          |      |          |
| m        |          |          |          |      |          |
| axAggreg |          |          |          |      |          |
| atedFsBW |          |          |          |      |          |
| for FR1  |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR       |          |          |          |      |          |
| in       |          |          |          |      |          |
| tra-band |          |          |          |      |          |
| non-co   |          |          |          |      |          |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |      |          |
| without  |          |          |          |      |          |
| UL CA    |          |          |          |      |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |      |          |
| the full |          |          |          |      |          |
| bandwith |          |          |          |      |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR band  |          |          |          |      |          |
| (Table   |          |          |          |      |          |
| C.2.4.   |          |          |          |      |          |
| 3.1A-1). |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| PCC is   |          |          |          |      |          |
| co       |          |          |          |      |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |      |          |
| on SB1   |          |          |          |      |          |
| unless   |          |          |          |      |          |
| o        |          |          |          |      |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |      |          |
| stated.  |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| The test |          |          |          |      |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |      |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |      |          |
| for SB1, |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 and  |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB3 have |          |          |          |      |          |
| been     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |      |          |
| and      |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |          |          |          |      |          |
| to       |          |          |          |      |          |
| enable   |          |          |          |      |          |
| that the |          |          |          |      |          |
| CC of    |          |          |          |      |          |
| either   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1, SB2 |          |          |          |      |          |
| or SB3   |          |          |          |      |          |
| can be   |          |          |          |      |          |
| used as  |          |          |          |      |          |
| PCC.     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+

###### 4.3.1.1.5.67 -- 4.3.1.1.5.70 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.5.71 CA\_n71(xA)

4.3.1.1.5.71.1 CA\_n71(2A)

Editor's note: Test frequencies for CA\_n71(2A) with mixed numerology
with SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz; and SCS CC1=30kHz and SCS CC2=15
kHz is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.5.71.1-1: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n71(2A) without UL CA, SCS=15 kHz, Max Wgap

+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| CBW      | SB  | B        | carrierB | Range    | Gap  | Test     |
| com      |     | andwidth | andwidth |          |      | fre      |
| bination |     | \[MHz\]  |          |          |      | quencies |
|          |     |          | \[PRBs\] |          |      | and      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | si       |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | gnalling |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | pa       |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | rameters |
+==========+=====+==========+==========+==========+======+==========+
| CA\_     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71(2A); |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71A     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (5MHz) + |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71A     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (        |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| 5-20MHz) |     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 5+5      | SB1 | 5        | 25       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=5    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 5        | 25       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=5    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 5+10     | SB1 | 5        | 25       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=5    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 10       | 52       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 5+15     | SB1 | 5        | 25       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=5    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 15       | 79       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=15   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 5+20     | SB1 | 5        | 25       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=5    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 20       | 106      | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=20   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| CA\_     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71(2A); |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71A     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (10MHz)  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| + n71A   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (        |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| 5-20MHz) |     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 10+5     | SB1 | 10       | 52       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 5        | 25       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=5    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 10+10    | SB1 | 10       | 52       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 10       | 52       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 10+15    | SB1 | 10       | 52       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 15       | 79       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=15   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 10+20    | SB1 | 10       | 52       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 20       | 106      | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=20   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| CA\_     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71(2A); |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71A     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (15MHz)  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| + n71A   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (        |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| 5-15MHz) |     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 15+5     | SB1 | 15       | 79       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=15   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 5        | 25       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=5    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 15+10    | SB1 | 15       | 79       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=15   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 10       | 52       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 15+15    | SB1 | 15       | 79       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=15   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 15       | 79       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=15   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| CA\_     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71(2A); |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71A     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (20MHz)  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| + n71A   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (        |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| 5-10MHz) |     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 20+5     | SB1 | 20       | 106      | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=20   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 5        | 25       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=5    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 20+10    | SB1 | 20       | 106      | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=20   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 10       | 52       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-1: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Note 1:  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA\      |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| _n71(2A) |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| is       |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| in \[7\] |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| 38.101-1 |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| without  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA. PCC  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| is       |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| co       |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| nfigured |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| on SB1   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| unless   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| o        |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| therwise |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| stated.  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| The test |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| fre      |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| quencies |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 and  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 have |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| been     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| downlink |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| and      |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| to       |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| enable   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| that the |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| CC of    |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| either   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 or   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 can  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| be used  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| as PCC.  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+

Table 4.3.1.1.5.71.1-2: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n71(2A) without UL CA, SCS=30 kHz, Max Wgap

+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| SB CBW   | SB  | B        | carrierB | Range    | Gap  | Test     |
| com      |     | andwidth | andwidth |          |      | fre      |
| bination |     | \[MHz\]  |          |          |      | quencies |
|          |     |          | \[PRBs\] |          |      | and      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | si       |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | gnalling |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | pa       |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | rameters |
+==========+=====+==========+==========+==========+======+==========+
| CA\_     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71(2A); |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71A     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (10MHz)  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| + n71A   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (1       |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| 0-20MHz) |     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 10+10    | SB1 | 10       | 24       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 10       | 24       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 10+15    | SB1 | 10       | 24       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 15       | 38       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=15   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 10+20    | SB1 | 10       | 24       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 20       | 51       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=20   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| CA\_     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71(2A); |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71A     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (15MHz)  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| + n71A   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (1       |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| 0-15MHz) |     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 15+10    | SB1 | 15       | 38       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=15   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 10       | 24       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 15+15    | SB1 | 15       | 38       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=15   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 15       | 38       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=15   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| CA\_     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71(2A); |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n71A     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (20MHz)  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| + n71A   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| (10MHz)  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| 20+10    | SB1 | 20       | 51       | Downlink | Max  | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          | Wgap | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=20   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2 | 10       | 24       | Downlink |      | Table    |
|          |     |          |          | & Uplink |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | .1.71-2: |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | for      |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | CBW=10   |
|          |     |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Note 1:  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA\      |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| _n71(2A) |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| is       |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| in \[7\] |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| 38.101-1 |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| without  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA. PCC  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| is       |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| co       |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| nfigured |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| on SB1   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| unless   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| o        |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| therwise |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| stated.  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| The test |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| fre      |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| quencies |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 and  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 have |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| been     |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| downlink |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| and      |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| to       |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| enable   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| that the |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| CC of    |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| either   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 or   |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 can  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| be used  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
| as PCC.  |     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+-----+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+

###### 4.3.1.1.5.72 -- 4.3.1.1.5.76 FFS

###### 4.3.1.1.5.77 CA\_n77(xA)

##### 4.3.1.1.5.77.1 CA\_n77(2A) {#ca_n772a .H6}

Editor's note: Test frequencies for CA\_n77(2A) with mixed numerology
with SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60kHz; and SCS CC1=30kHz and
SCS CC2=15 kHz or 60 kHz is FFS.

Test frequencies for all possible bandwidth combinations are not
provided in tables for UL CA, Table 4.3.1.1.5.77.1-3 and Table
4.3.1.1.5.77.1-4. How to handle the case where a specific bandwidth
combination is missing in the table, is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.5.77.1-1: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n77(2A) without UL CA, SCS=15 kHz, Max Wgap

+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| SB CBW   | SB       | B        | Range    | Gap  | Test     |
| com      |          | andwidth |          |      | fre      |
| bination | (Note 2) | \[MHz\]  | (Note    |      | quencies |
|          |          |          | 1,3)     |      | and      |
| (BCS)    |          |          |          |      | si       |
|          |          |          |          |      | gnalling |
|          |          |          |          |      | pa       |
|          |          |          |          |      | rameters |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+======+==========+
| CA\_     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n77(2A): |          |          |          |      |          |
| n77A +   |          |          |          |      |          |
| n77A     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(0\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.77-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 20, 40 |
|          |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.77-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 20, 40 |
|          |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(1\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.77-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 25, 30,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40, 50   |
|          |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.77-1: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 25, 30,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40, 50   |
|          |          |          |          |      | MHz      |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| Only one |          |          |          |      |          |
| range    |          |          |          |      |          |
| has been |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| as the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| maximum  |          |          |          |      |          |
| m        |          |          |          |      |          |
| axAggreg |          |          |          |      |          |
| atedFsBW |          |          |          |      |          |
| for FR1  |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR       |          |          |          |      |          |
| in       |          |          |          |      |          |
| tra-band |          |          |          |      |          |
| non-co   |          |          |          |      |          |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |      |          |
| without  |          |          |          |      |          |
| UL CA    |          |          |          |      |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |      |          |
| the full |          |          |          |      |          |
| b        |          |          |          |      |          |
| andwidth |          |          |          |      |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR band  |          |          |          |      |          |
| (Table   |          |          |          |      |          |
| C.2.4.   |          |          |          |      |          |
| 3.1A-1). |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| PCC is   |          |          |          |      |          |
| co       |          |          |          |      |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |      |          |
| on SB1   |          |          |          |      |          |
| unless   |          |          |          |      |          |
| o        |          |          |          |      |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |      |          |
| stated.  |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| The test |          |          |          |      |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |      |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 and  |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 have |          |          |          |      |          |
| been     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |      |          |
| and      |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |          |          |          |      |          |
| to       |          |          |          |      |          |
| enable   |          |          |          |      |          |
| that the |          |          |          |      |          |
| CC of    |          |          |          |      |          |
| either   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 or   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 can  |          |          |          |      |          |
| be used  |          |          |          |      |          |
| as PCC.  |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+

Table 4.3.1.1.5.77.1-2: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n77(2A) without UL CA, SCS=30 kHz, Max Wgap

+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| SB CBW   | SB       | B        | Range    | Gap  | Test     |
| com      |          | andwidth |          |      | fre      |
| bination | (Note 2) | \[MHz\]  | (Note    |      | quencies |
|          |          |          | 1,3)     |      | and      |
| (BCS)    |          |          |          |      | si       |
|          |          |          |          |      | gnalling |
|          |          |          |          |      | pa       |
|          |          |          |          |      | rameters |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+======+==========+
| CA\_     |          |          |          |      |          |
| n77(2A): |          |          |          |      |          |
| n77A +   |          |          |          |      |          |
| n77A     |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(0\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.77-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 20,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40, 80,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 100 MHz  |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.77-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 20,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40, 80,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 100 MHz  |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| C        | SB1      | CBW1     | Downlink | Max  | For      |
| BW1+CBW2 |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW1,    |
|          |          |          |          | Wgap | use      |
| \(1\)    |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.77-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | Low      |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 25, 30,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40, 50,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 60, 70,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 80, 90,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 100 MHz  |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
|          | SB2      | CBW2     | Downlink |      | For      |
|          |          |          | & Uplink |      | CBW2,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | use      |
|          |          |          |          |      | Table    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 4.3.1.1  |
|          |          |          |          |      | .1.77-2: |
|          |          |          |          |      | High     |
|          |          |          |          |      | range    |
|          |          |          |          |      | for CBW  |
|          |          |          |          |      | = 10,    |
|          |          |          |          |      | 15, 20,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 25, 30,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 40, 50,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 60, 70,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 80, 90,  |
|          |          |          |          |      | 100 MHz  |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+
| Note 1:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| Only one |          |          |          |      |          |
| range    |          |          |          |      |          |
| has been |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| as the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| maximum  |          |          |          |      |          |
| m        |          |          |          |      |          |
| axAggreg |          |          |          |      |          |
| atedFsBW |          |          |          |      |          |
| for FR1  |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR       |          |          |          |      |          |
| in       |          |          |          |      |          |
| tra-band |          |          |          |      |          |
| non-co   |          |          |          |      |          |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |      |          |
| CA       |          |          |          |      |          |
| without  |          |          |          |      |          |
| UL CA    |          |          |          |      |          |
| equals   |          |          |          |      |          |
| the full |          |          |          |      |          |
| b        |          |          |          |      |          |
| andwidth |          |          |          |      |          |
| of the   |          |          |          |      |          |
| NR band  |          |          |          |      |          |
| (Table   |          |          |          |      |          |
| C.2.4.   |          |          |          |      |          |
| 3.1A-1). |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 2:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| PCC is   |          |          |          |      |          |
| co       |          |          |          |      |          |
| nfigured |          |          |          |      |          |
| on SB1   |          |          |          |      |          |
| unless   |          |          |          |      |          |
| o        |          |          |          |      |          |
| therwise |          |          |          |      |          |
| stated.  |          |          |          |      |          |
|          |          |          |          |      |          |
| Note 3:  |          |          |          |      |          |
| The test |          |          |          |      |          |
| fre      |          |          |          |      |          |
| quencies |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 and  |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 have |          |          |          |      |          |
| been     |          |          |          |      |          |
| s        |          |          |          |      |          |
| pecified |          |          |          |      |          |
| for both |          |          |          |      |          |
| downlink |          |          |          |      |          |
| and      |          |          |          |      |          |
| uplink   |          |          |          |      |          |
| to       |          |          |          |      |          |
| enable   |          |          |          |      |          |
| that the |          |          |          |      |          |
| CC of    |          |          |          |      |          |
| either   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB1 or   |          |          |          |      |          |
| SB2 can  |          |          |          |      |          |
| be used  |          |          |          |      |          |
| as PCC.  |          |          |          |      |          |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+------+----------+

Table 4.3.1.1.5.77.1-3: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n77(2A) with UL CA (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), SCS 15kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p><strong>Aggregated</strong></p>
<p><strong>BW [MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>(BCS)</strong></p>
<p><strong>(CBW combination)</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>CC</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CBW</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3305.01</td>
<td>620334</td>
<td>3300.33</td>
<td>620022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(10+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.33</td>
<td>626022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>4104.99</td>
<td>673666</td>
<td>4009.59</td>
<td>667306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4099.59</td>
<td>673306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3310.02 Note 4</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.48</td>
<td>620032</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(20+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.33</td>
<td>626022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>4110.00</td>
<td>674000</td>
<td>4009.74</td>
<td>667316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4099.59</td>
<td>673306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3310.02 Note 4</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.48</td>
<td>620032</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(20+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3390.00 Note 5</td>
<td>626000</td>
<td>3380.46</td>
<td>625364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>4110.00 Note 4</td>
<td>674000</td>
<td>4009.74</td>
<td>667316</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>4189.98 Note 5</td>
<td>679332</td>
<td>4089.72</td>
<td>672648</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8322</td>
<td>679008</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>3315.00</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3300.60</td>
<td>620040</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(30+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3394.98 Note 5</td>
<td>626332</td>
<td>3390.30</td>
<td>626020</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>4115.01 Note 4</td>
<td>674334</td>
<td>4009.89</td>
<td>667326</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4099.59</td>
<td>673306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.57</td>
<td>620038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(40+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.33</td>
<td>626022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>4119.99</td>
<td>674666</td>
<td>4009.83</td>
<td>667322</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4099.59</td>
<td>673306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.57</td>
<td>620038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(40+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3390.00</td>
<td>626000</td>
<td>3380.46</td>
<td>625364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>4119.99</td>
<td>674666</td>
<td>4009.83</td>
<td>667322</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>4189.98 Note 5</td>
<td>679332</td>
<td>4089.72</td>
<td>672648</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8322</td>
<td>679008</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3325.02 Note 4</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.33</td>
<td>626022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>4125.00</td>
<td>675000</td>
<td>4009.98</td>
<td>667332</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4099.59</td>
<td>673306</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3325.02 Note 4</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3390.00 Note 5</td>
<td>626000</td>
<td>3380.46</td>
<td>625364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>4125.00 Note 4</td>
<td>675000</td>
<td>4009.98</td>
<td>667332</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>4189.98 Note 5</td>
<td>679332</td>
<td>4089.72</td>
<td>672648</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8322</td>
<td>679008</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>510</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.57</td>
<td>620038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(40+40)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3380.01</td>
<td>625334</td>
<td>3360.57</td>
<td>624038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>4119.99</td>
<td>674666</td>
<td>4009.83</td>
<td>667322</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>4179.99</td>
<td>678666</td>
<td>4069.83</td>
<td>671322</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8308</td>
<td>677664</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3325.02 Note 4</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+30)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>3385.02</td>
<td>625668</td>
<td>3370.62</td>
<td>624708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7760</td>
<td>625056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>4125.00</td>
<td>675000</td>
<td>4009.98</td>
<td>667332</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>4185.00</td>
<td>679000</td>
<td>4079.88</td>
<td>671992</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8315</td>
<td>678336</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3325.02 Note 4</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+40)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3380.01</td>
<td>625334</td>
<td>3360.57</td>
<td>624038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>4125.00</td>
<td>675000</td>
<td>4009.98</td>
<td>667332</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>4179.99</td>
<td>678666</td>
<td>4069.83</td>
<td>671322</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8308</td>
<td>677664</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3325.02 Note 4</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 100 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+50)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3475.02</td>
<td>631668</td>
<td>3450.72</td>
<td>630048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7815</td>
<td>630336</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>4024.98</td>
<td>668332</td>
<td>3909.96</td>
<td>660664</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 100 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>4174.98 Note 5</td>
<td>678332</td>
<td>4059.96</td>
<td>670664</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8301</td>
<td>676992</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-3 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 4: Centre frequency shifted 15 kHz to align with the synchronisation raster (According to R1-1809879).</p>
<p>Note 5: Centre frequency shifted -15 kHz to align with the synchronisation raster (According to R1-1809879).</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.5.77.1-4: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n77(2A) with UL CA (PCC=CC1 and SCC=CC2), SCS 30kHz

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p><strong>Aggregated</strong></p>
<p><strong>BW [MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>(BCS)</strong></p>
<p><strong>(CBW combination)</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>CC</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CBW</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3305.01</td>
<td>620334</td>
<td>3300.69</td>
<td>620046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(10+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>4104.99</td>
<td>673666</td>
<td>3919.23</td>
<td>661282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4009.23</td>
<td>667282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3310.02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(20+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>4110.00</td>
<td>674000</td>
<td>3919.38</td>
<td>661292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4009.23</td>
<td>667282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3310.02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(20+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3390.00</td>
<td>626000</td>
<td>3380.82</td>
<td>625388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>4110.00</td>
<td>674000</td>
<td>3919.38</td>
<td>661292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>4189.98</td>
<td>679332</td>
<td>3999.36</td>
<td>666624</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8322</td>
<td>679008</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>3315.00</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(30+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3394.98</td>
<td>626332</td>
<td>3390.66</td>
<td>626044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>4115.01</td>
<td>674334</td>
<td>3919.53</td>
<td>661302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4009.23</td>
<td>667282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.93</td>
<td>620062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(40+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>4119.99</td>
<td>674666</td>
<td>3919.47</td>
<td>661298</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4009.23</td>
<td>667282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.93</td>
<td>620062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(40+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3390.00</td>
<td>626000</td>
<td>3380.82</td>
<td>625388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>4119.99</td>
<td>674666</td>
<td>3919.47</td>
<td>661298</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>4189.98</td>
<td>679332</td>
<td>3999.36</td>
<td>666624</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8322</td>
<td>679008</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301.08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>4125.00</td>
<td>675000</td>
<td>3919.62</td>
<td>661308</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4009.23</td>
<td>667282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>3330.00</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(60+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3394.98</td>
<td>626332</td>
<td>3390.66</td>
<td>626044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>4130.01</td>
<td>675334</td>
<td>3919.41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4009.23</td>
<td>667282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.93</td>
<td>620062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(40+40)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3380.01</td>
<td>625334</td>
<td>3360.93</td>
<td>624062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>4119.99</td>
<td>674666</td>
<td>3919.47</td>
<td>661298</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>4179.99</td>
<td>678666</td>
<td>3979.47</td>
<td>665298</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8308</td>
<td>677664</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>3335.01</td>
<td>622334</td>
<td>3300.99</td>
<td>620066</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(70+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>4134.99</td>
<td>675666</td>
<td>3919.53</td>
<td>661302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4009.23</td>
<td>667282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(80+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>4140.00</td>
<td>676000</td>
<td>3919.50</td>
<td>661300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8267</td>
<td>673728</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4009.23</td>
<td>667282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 100 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(80+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3490.02</td>
<td>632668</td>
<td>3480.84</td>
<td>632056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7836</td>
<td>632352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>4039.981</td>
<td>669334</td>
<td>3819.51</td>
<td>654634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 100 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>4189.98</td>
<td>679332</td>
<td>3999.36</td>
<td>666624</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8322</td>
<td>679008</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>3345.00</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3300.90</td>
<td>620060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 100 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(90+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3495.00</td>
<td>633000</td>
<td>3490.68</td>
<td>632712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7843</td>
<td>633024</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>4044.99</td>
<td>669666</td>
<td>3819.45</td>
<td>654630</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 100 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4009.23</td>
<td>667282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>110</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 90 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3495.00</td>
<td>633000</td>
<td>3490.68</td>
<td>632712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7843</td>
<td>633024</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>4050.00</td>
<td>670000</td>
<td>3819.42</td>
<td>654628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 90 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>4194.99</td>
<td>679666</td>
<td>4009.23</td>
<td>667282</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8329</td>
<td>679680</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>120</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3489.99</td>
<td>632666</td>
<td>3480.81</td>
<td>632054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7836</td>
<td>632352</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>4050.00 Note 4</td>
<td>670000</td>
<td>3819.42</td>
<td>654628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>4189.98</td>
<td>679332</td>
<td>3999.36</td>
<td>666624</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8322</td>
<td>679008</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>130</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+30)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>3484.98</td>
<td>632332</td>
<td>3470.94</td>
<td>631396</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7829</td>
<td>631680</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>4050.03</td>
<td>670002</td>
<td>3819.45</td>
<td>654630</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>4185.00</td>
<td>679000</td>
<td>3989.52</td>
<td>665968</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8315</td>
<td>678336</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>140</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+40)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3480.00</td>
<td>632000</td>
<td>3460.92</td>
<td>630728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7822</td>
<td>631008</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>4050.00</td>
<td>670000</td>
<td>3819.42</td>
<td>654628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>4179.99</td>
<td>678666</td>
<td>3979.47</td>
<td>665298</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8308</td>
<td>677664</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>150</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+50)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>3474.99</td>
<td>631666</td>
<td>3451.05</td>
<td>630070</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7815</td>
<td>630336</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>4050.00</td>
<td>670000</td>
<td>3819.42</td>
<td>654628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>4174.98</td>
<td>678332</td>
<td>3969.60</td>
<td>664640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8301</td>
<td>676992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>160</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(80+80)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>3460.02</td>
<td>630668</td>
<td>3420.96</td>
<td>628064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7794</td>
<td>628320</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>4039.98</td>
<td>669332</td>
<td>3819.48</td>
<td>654632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>4159.98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939.48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>160</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+60)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>3470.01</td>
<td>631334</td>
<td>3440.85</td>
<td>629390</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7808</td>
<td>629664</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>4050.00</td>
<td>670000</td>
<td>3819.42</td>
<td>654628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>4170.00</td>
<td>678000</td>
<td>3959.40</td>
<td>663960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8294</td>
<td>676320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>170</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+70)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>3465.00</td>
<td>631000</td>
<td>3430.98</td>
<td>628732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7801</td>
<td>628992</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>4050.00</td>
<td>670000</td>
<td>3819.42</td>
<td>654628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>4164.99</td>
<td>677666</td>
<td>3949.53</td>
<td>663302</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8287</td>
<td>675648</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>180</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+80)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>3459.99</td>
<td>630666</td>
<td>3420.93</td>
<td>628062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7794</td>
<td>628320</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>4050.00</td>
<td>670000</td>
<td>3819.42</td>
<td>654628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>4159.98</td>
<td>677332</td>
<td>3939.48</td>
<td>662632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8280</td>
<td>674976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>190</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+90)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>3455.01</td>
<td>630334</td>
<td>3410.91</td>
<td>627394</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7787</td>
<td>627648</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>4050.00</td>
<td>670000</td>
<td>3819.42</td>
<td>654628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>4155.00</td>
<td>677000</td>
<td>3929.46</td>
<td>661964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8273</td>
<td>674304</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>200</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,4,5)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 0 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+100)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3450.00</td>
<td>630000</td>
<td>3400.86</td>
<td>626724</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7780</td>
<td>626976</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>4050.00</td>
<td>670000</td>
<td>3819.42</td>
<td>654628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8197</td>
<td>667008</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 0 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>4149.99</td>
<td>676666</td>
<td>3919.41</td>
<td>661294</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8266</td>
<td>673632</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1: CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 2: The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3: The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-3 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 4: Centre frequency shifted 15 kHz to align with the synchronisation raster (According to R1-1809879).</p>
<p>Note 5: Centre frequency shifted -15 kHz to align with the synchronisation raster (According to R1-1809879).</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

#####  {#section .H6}

###### 4.3.1.1.5.78 CA\_n78(xA)

##### 4.3.1.1.5.78.1 CA\_n78(2A) {#ca_n782a .H6}

Editor's note: Test frequencies for CA\_n78(2A) with mixed numerology
with SCS CC1=15kHz and SCS CC2=30 kHz or 60kHz; and SCS CC1=30kHz and
SCS CC2=15 kHz or 60 kHz is FFS.

Test frequencies for all possible bandwidth combinations are not
provided in tables for UL CA, Table 4.3.1.1.5.78.1-1A and Table
4.3.1.1.5.78.1-2A. How to handle the case where a specific bandwidth
combination is missing in the table, is FFS.

Table 4.3.1.1.5.78.1-1: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n78(2A) without UL CA, SCS=15 kHz, Max Wgap

+------------+-----+------------+------------+------+------------+
| CBW        | SB  | Bandwidth  | Range      | Gap  | Test       |
| c          |     | \[MHz\]    |            |      | f          |
| ombination |     |            |            |      | requencies |
|            |     |            |            |      | and        |
|            |     |            |            |      | signalling |
|            |     |            |            |      | parameters |
+============+=====+============+============+======+============+
| CA         |     |            |            |      |            |
| \_n78(2A); |     |            |            |      |            |
| n78A       |     |            |            |      |            |
| (10-50MHz) |     |            |            |      |            |
| +          |     |            |            |      |            |
| n78A       |     |            |            |      |            |
| (10-50MHz) |     |            |            |      |            |
+------------+-----+------------+------------+------+------------+
| CBW1+CBW2  | SB1 | CBW1       | Downlink & | Max  | For CBW1,  |
|            |     |            | Uplink     |      | use Table  |
|            |     |            |            | Wgap | 4.3.1      |
|            |     |            |            |      | .1.1.78-1: |
|            |     |            |            |      | Low range  |
|            |     |            |            |      | for CBW =  |
|            |     |            |            |      | 10, 20,    |
|            |     |            |            |      | 25, 30, 40 |
|            |     |            |            |      | OR 50 MHz  |
+------------+-----+------------+------------+------+------------+
|            | SB2 | CBW2       | Downlink & |      | For CBW2,  |
|            |     |            | Uplink     |      | use Table  |
|            |     |            |            |      | 4.3.1      |
|            |     |            |            |      | .1.1.78-1: |
|            |     |            |            |      | High range |
|            |     |            |            |      | for CBW =  |
|            |     |            |            |      | 10, 20,    |
|            |     |            |            |      | 25, 30, 40 |
|            |     |            |            |      | OR 50 MHz  |
+------------+-----+------------+------------+------+------------+
| Note 1:    |     |            |            |      |            |
| C          |     |            |            |      |            |
| A\_n78(2A) |     |            |            |      |            |
| is         |     |            |            |      |            |
| specified  |     |            |            |      |            |
| in \[7\]   |     |            |            |      |            |
| 38.101-1   |     |            |            |      |            |
| with and   |     |            |            |      |            |
| without    |     |            |            |      |            |
| uplink CA. |     |            |            |      |            |
| PCC is     |     |            |            |      |            |
| configured |     |            |            |      |            |
| on SB1     |     |            |            |      |            |
| unless     |     |            |            |      |            |
| otherwise  |     |            |            |      |            |
| stated.    |     |            |            |      |            |
| This table |     |            |            |      |            |
| is         |     |            |            |      |            |
| applicable |     |            |            |      |            |
| for the    |     |            |            |      |            |
| case of    |     |            |            |      |            |
| without UL |     |            |            |      |            |
| CA but     |     |            |            |      |            |
| test       |     |            |            |      |            |
| f          |     |            |            |      |            |
| requencies |     |            |            |      |            |
| for both   |     |            |            |      |            |
| SB1 and    |     |            |            |      |            |
| SB2 have   |     |            |            |      |            |
| been       |     |            |            |      |            |
| specified  |     |            |            |      |            |
| for both   |     |            |            |      |            |
| downlink   |     |            |            |      |            |
| and uplink |     |            |            |      |            |
| to enable  |     |            |            |      |            |
| that the   |     |            |            |      |            |
| CC of      |     |            |            |      |            |
| either SB1 |     |            |            |      |            |
| or SB2 can |     |            |            |      |            |
| be used as |     |            |            |      |            |
| PCC.       |     |            |            |      |            |
+------------+-----+------------+------------+------+------------+

Table 4.3.1.1.5.78.1-1A: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n78(2A) with UL CA, SCS=15 kHz, Max Wgap

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p><strong>Aggregated</strong></p>
<p><strong>BW [MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>(BCS)</strong></p>
<p><strong>(CBW combination)</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>CC</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CBW</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3305.01</td>
<td>620334</td>
<td>3300.33</td>
<td>620022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(10+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.33</td>
<td>626022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3705.00</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3609.60</td>
<td>640640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3699.60</td>
<td>646640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3310.02 Note 4</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.48</td>
<td>620032</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(20+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.33</td>
<td>626022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3710.01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3609.75</td>
<td>640650</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>512</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3699.60</td>
<td>646640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3310.02 Note 4</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.48</td>
<td>620032</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(20+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3390.00 Note 5</td>
<td>626000</td>
<td>3380.46</td>
<td>625364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3710.01 Note 4</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3609.75</td>
<td>640650</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>512</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3789.99</td>
<td>652666</td>
<td>3689.73</td>
<td>645982</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8044</td>
<td>652320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>3315.00</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3300.60</td>
<td>620040</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(30+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3394.98 Note 5</td>
<td>626332</td>
<td>3390.30</td>
<td>626020</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>3715.02 Note 4</td>
<td>647668</td>
<td>3609.90</td>
<td>640660</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3699.60</td>
<td>646640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.57</td>
<td>620038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(40+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.33</td>
<td>626022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3720.00</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>3609.84</td>
<td>640656</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>512</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3699.60</td>
<td>646640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3325.02 Note 4</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.33</td>
<td>626022</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3725.01</td>
<td>648334</td>
<td>3609.99</td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3699.60</td>
<td>646640</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>509</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3325.02 Note 4</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3390.00 Note 5</td>
<td>626000</td>
<td>3380.46</td>
<td>625364</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3725.01 Note 4</td>
<td>648334</td>
<td>3609.99</td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3789.99</td>
<td>652666</td>
<td>3689.73</td>
<td>645982</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8044</td>
<td>652320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>508</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.57</td>
<td>620038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(40+40)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3380.01</td>
<td>625334</td>
<td>3360.57</td>
<td>624038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3720.00</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>3609.84</td>
<td>640656</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>512</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3780.00</td>
<td>652000</td>
<td>3669.84</td>
<td>644656</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8030</td>
<td>650976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3325.02 Note 4</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+30)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>3385.02</td>
<td>625668</td>
<td>3370.62</td>
<td>624708</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7760</td>
<td>625056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>9</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3724.98</td>
<td>648332</td>
<td>3609.96</td>
<td>640664</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>3784.98</td>
<td>652332</td>
<td>3679.86</td>
<td>645324</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8037</td>
<td>651648</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>507</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3325.02 Note 4</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+40)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3380.01</td>
<td>625334</td>
<td>3360.57</td>
<td>624038</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7753</td>
<td>624384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>8</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3725.01</td>
<td>648334</td>
<td>3609.99</td>
<td>640666</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>511</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>3780.00</td>
<td>652000</td>
<td>3669.84</td>
<td>644656</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8030</td>
<td>650976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3325.02 Note 4</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3300.72</td>
<td>620048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>5</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 100 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+50)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3475.02</td>
<td>631668</td>
<td>3450.72</td>
<td>630048</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7815</td>
<td>630336</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3624.99</td>
<td>641666</td>
<td>3509.97</td>
<td>633998</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (2)</td>
<td>506</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 100 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>3774.99</td>
<td>651666</td>
<td>3659.97</td>
<td>643998</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8024</td>
<td>650400</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1 (6)</td>
<td>513</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1:CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 2:The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3:The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-3 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p>
<p>Note 4:Centre frequency shifted 15 kHz to align with the synchronisation raster (According to R1-1809879).</p>
<p>Note 5:Centre frequency shifted -15 kHz to align with the synchronisation raster (According to R1-1809879).</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 4.3.1.1.5.78.1-2: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n78(2A) without UL CA, SCS=30 kHz, Max Wgap

+------------+-----+------------+------------+------+------------+
| CBW        | SB  | Bandwidth  | Range      | Gap  | Test       |
| c          |     | \[MHz\]    |            |      | f          |
| ombination |     |            |            |      | requencies |
|            |     |            |            |      | and        |
|            |     |            |            |      | signalling |
|            |     |            |            |      | parameters |
+============+=====+============+============+======+============+
| CA         |     |            |            |      |            |
| \_n78(2A); |     |            |            |      |            |
| n78A(      |     |            |            |      |            |
| 10-100MHz) |     |            |            |      |            |
| +          |     |            |            |      |            |
| n78A(      |     |            |            |      |            |
| 10-100MHz) |     |            |            |      |            |
+------------+-----+------------+------------+------+------------+
| CBW1+CBW2  | SB1 | CBW1       | Downlink & | Max  | For CBW1,  |
|            |     |            | Uplink     |      | use Table  |
|            |     |            |            | Wgap | 4.3.1      |
|            |     |            |            |      | .1.1.78-2: |
|            |     |            |            |      | Low range  |
|            |     |            |            |      | for CBW =  |
|            |     |            |            |      | 10, 20,    |
|            |     |            |            |      | 25, 30,    |
|            |     |            |            |      | 40, 50,    |
|            |     |            |            |      | 60, 70,    |
|            |     |            |            |      | 80, 90 OR  |
|            |     |            |            |      | 100 MHz    |
+------------+-----+------------+------------+------+------------+
|            | SB2 | CBW2       | Downlink & |      | For CBW2,  |
|            |     |            | Uplink     |      | use Table  |
|            |     |            |            |      | 4.3.1      |
|            |     |            |            |      | .1.1.78-2: |
|            |     |            |            |      | High range |
|            |     |            |            |      | for CBW =  |
|            |     |            |            |      | 10, 20,    |
|            |     |            |            |      | 25, 30,    |
|            |     |            |            |      | 40, 50,    |
|            |     |            |            |      | 60, 70,    |
|            |     |            |            |      | 80, 90 OR  |
|            |     |            |            |      | 100 MHz    |
+------------+-----+------------+------------+------+------------+
| Note 1:    |     |            |            |      |            |
| C          |     |            |            |      |            |
| A\_n78(2A) |     |            |            |      |            |
| is         |     |            |            |      |            |
| specified  |     |            |            |      |            |
| in \[7\]   |     |            |            |      |            |
| 38.101-1   |     |            |            |      |            |
| with and   |     |            |            |      |            |
| without    |     |            |            |      |            |
| uplink CA. |     |            |            |      |            |
| PCC is     |     |            |            |      |            |
| configured |     |            |            |      |            |
| on SB1     |     |            |            |      |            |
| unless     |     |            |            |      |            |
| otherwise  |     |            |            |      |            |
| stated.    |     |            |            |      |            |
| This table |     |            |            |      |            |
| is         |     |            |            |      |            |
| applicable |     |            |            |      |            |
| for the    |     |            |            |      |            |
| case of    |     |            |            |      |            |
| without UL |     |            |            |      |            |
| CA but     |     |            |            |      |            |
| test       |     |            |            |      |            |
| f          |     |            |            |      |            |
| requencies |     |            |            |      |            |
| for both   |     |            |            |      |            |
| SB1 and    |     |            |            |      |            |
| SB2 have   |     |            |            |      |            |
| been       |     |            |            |      |            |
| specified  |     |            |            |      |            |
| for both   |     |            |            |      |            |
| downlink   |     |            |            |      |            |
| and uplink |     |            |            |      |            |
| to enable  |     |            |            |      |            |
| that the   |     |            |            |      |            |
| CC of      |     |            |            |      |            |
| either SB1 |     |            |            |      |            |
| or SB2 can |     |            |            |      |            |
| be used as |     |            |            |      |            |
| PCC.       |     |            |            |      |            |
+------------+-----+------------+------------+------+------------+

Table 4.3.1.1.5.78.1-2A: NR Intra-Band non-contiguous CA configuration
CA\_n78(2A) with UL CA, SCS=30 kHz, Max Wgap

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><p><strong>Aggregated</strong></p>
<p><strong>BW [MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>(BCS)</strong></p>
<p><strong>(CBW combination)</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>Range</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>CC</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CBW</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>carrierBandwidth</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[MHz]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 1</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>Carrier centre</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>point A<br />
[MHz]</strong></th>
<th><strong>absoluteFrequencyPointA<br />
[ARFCN]</strong></th>
<th><strong>offsetToCarrier [Carrier PRBs]</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>SS block SCS</strong></p>
<p><strong>[kHz]</strong></p></th>
<th><strong>GSCN</strong></th>
<th><p><strong>absoluteFrequencySSB</strong></p>
<p><strong>[ARFCN]</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
<th><p><strong>Offset carrier CORESET#0 [RBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 2</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>CORESET#0 Index (Offset</strong></p>
<p><strong>[RBs])</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th><p><strong>offsetToPointA<br />
(SIB1)</strong></p>
<p><strong>[PRBs]</strong></p>
<p><strong>Note 3</strong></p></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>20</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3305.01</td>
<td>620334</td>
<td>3300.69</td>
<td>620046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(10+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3705.00</td>
<td>647000</td>
<td>3519.24</td>
<td>634616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3609.24</td>
<td>640616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3310.02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(20+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3710.01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3519.39</td>
<td>634626</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3609.24</td>
<td>640616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3310.02</td>
<td>620668</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(20+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3390.00</td>
<td>626000</td>
<td>3380.82</td>
<td>625388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3710.01</td>
<td>647334</td>
<td>3519.39</td>
<td>634626</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3789.99</td>
<td>652666</td>
<td>3599.37</td>
<td>639958</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8044</td>
<td>652320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>40</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>3315.00</td>
<td>621000</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(30+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3394.98</td>
<td>626332</td>
<td>3390.66</td>
<td>626044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>3715.02</td>
<td>647668</td>
<td>3519.54</td>
<td>634636</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3609.24</td>
<td>640616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>50</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3320.01</td>
<td>621334</td>
<td>3300.93</td>
<td>620062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(40+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3720.00</td>
<td>648000</td>
<td>3519.48</td>
<td>634632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3609.24</td>
<td>640616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>3325.02</td>
<td>621668</td>
<td>3301.08</td>
<td>620072</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(50+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>3725.01</td>
<td>648334</td>
<td>3519.63</td>
<td>634642</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3609.24</td>
<td>640616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>70</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>3330.00</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(60+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3394.98</td>
<td>626332</td>
<td>3390.66</td>
<td>626044</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>3730.02</td>
<td>648668</td>
<td>3519.42</td>
<td>634628</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3609.24</td>
<td>640616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>3330.00</td>
<td>622000</td>
<td>3300.84</td>
<td>620056</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(60+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3390.00</td>
<td>626000</td>
<td>3380.82</td>
<td>625388</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7766</td>
<td>625632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>3729.99</td>
<td>648666</td>
<td>3519.39</td>
<td>634626</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3789.99</td>
<td>652666</td>
<td>3599.37</td>
<td>639958</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8044</td>
<td>652320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>80</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>3335.01</td>
<td>622334</td>
<td>3300.99</td>
<td>620066</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(70+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>3735.00</td>
<td>649000</td>
<td>3519.54</td>
<td>634636</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3609.24</td>
<td>640616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>90</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>3340.02</td>
<td>622668</td>
<td>3300.96</td>
<td>620064</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(80+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3395.01</td>
<td>626334</td>
<td>3390.69</td>
<td>626046</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7773</td>
<td>626304</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>3740.01</td>
<td>649334</td>
<td>3519.51</td>
<td>634634</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>1012</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 100 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3609.24</td>
<td>640616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>100</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>3345.00</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3300.90</td>
<td>620060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 100 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(90+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3495.00</td>
<td>633000</td>
<td>3490.68</td>
<td>632712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7843</td>
<td>633024</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>3645.00</td>
<td>643000</td>
<td>3419.46</td>
<td>627964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 100 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3609.24</td>
<td>640616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>110</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 90 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+10)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3495.00</td>
<td>633000</td>
<td>3490.68</td>
<td>632712</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7843</td>
<td>633024</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3650.01</td>
<td>643334</td>
<td>3419.43</td>
<td>627962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 90 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>3795.00</td>
<td>653000</td>
<td>3609.24</td>
<td>640616</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8051</td>
<td>652992</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>120</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+20)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3489.99</td>
<td>632666</td>
<td>3480.81</td>
<td>632054</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7836</td>
<td>632352</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3650.01</td>
<td>643334</td>
<td>3419.43</td>
<td>627962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 80 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>3789.99</td>
<td>652666</td>
<td>3599.37</td>
<td>639958</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8044</td>
<td>652320</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>130</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>3345.00</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3300.90</td>
<td>620060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(90+40)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3480.00</td>
<td>632000</td>
<td>3460.92</td>
<td>630728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7822</td>
<td>631008</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>3645.00</td>
<td>643000</td>
<td>3419.46</td>
<td>627964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3780.00</td>
<td>652000</td>
<td>3579.48</td>
<td>638632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8030</td>
<td>650976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>130</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+30)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>3485.01</td>
<td>632334</td>
<td>3470.97</td>
<td>631398</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7829</td>
<td>631680</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3649.98</td>
<td>643332</td>
<td>3419.40</td>
<td>627960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 70 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>3784.98</td>
<td>652332</td>
<td>3589.50</td>
<td>639300</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8037</td>
<td>651648</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>140</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+40)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3480.00</td>
<td>632000</td>
<td>3460.92</td>
<td>630728</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7822</td>
<td>631008</td>
<td>16</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3650.01</td>
<td>643334</td>
<td>3419.43</td>
<td>627962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 60 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>3780.00</td>
<td>652000</td>
<td>3579.48</td>
<td>638632</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8030</td>
<td>650976</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>150</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+50)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>3474.99</td>
<td>631666</td>
<td>3451.05</td>
<td>630070</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7815</td>
<td>630336</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3650.01</td>
<td>643334</td>
<td>3419.43</td>
<td>627962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 50 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>3774.99</td>
<td>651666</td>
<td>3569.61</td>
<td>637974</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8024</td>
<td>650400</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>160</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+60)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>3470.01</td>
<td>631334</td>
<td>3440.85</td>
<td>629390</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7808</td>
<td>629664</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3649.98</td>
<td>643332</td>
<td>3419.40</td>
<td>627960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 40 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>3769.98</td>
<td>651332</td>
<td>3559.38</td>
<td>637292</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8016</td>
<td>649632</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>170</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>3345.00</td>
<td>623000</td>
<td>3300.90</td>
<td>620060</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(90+80)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>3459.99</td>
<td>630666</td>
<td>3420.93</td>
<td>628062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7794</td>
<td>628320</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>3645.00</td>
<td>643000</td>
<td>3419.46</td>
<td>627964</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>3759.99</td>
<td>650666</td>
<td>3539.49</td>
<td>635966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8003</td>
<td>648384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>170</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+70)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>3465.00</td>
<td>631000</td>
<td>3430.98</td>
<td>628732</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7801</td>
<td>628992</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3650.01</td>
<td>643334</td>
<td>3419.43</td>
<td>627962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 30 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>3765.00</td>
<td>651000</td>
<td>3549.54</td>
<td>636636</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8010</td>
<td>649056</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>180</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+80)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>3459.99</td>
<td>630666</td>
<td>3420.93</td>
<td>628062</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7794</td>
<td>628320</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3650.01</td>
<td>643334</td>
<td>3419.43</td>
<td>627962</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>22</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>1008</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 20 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>3759.99</td>
<td>650666</td>
<td>3539.49</td>
<td>635966</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>8003</td>
<td>648384</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>190</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+90)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>3455.01</td>
<td>630334</td>
<td>3410.91</td>
<td>627394</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7787</td>
<td>627648</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0 (0)</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3649.98</td>
<td>643332</td>
<td>3419.40</td>
<td>627960</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7919</td>
<td>640320</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1 (1)</td>
<td>1010</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 200 MHz, maxWgap = 10 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>3754.98</td>
<td>650332</td>
<td>3529.44</td>
<td>635296</td>
<td>504</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7996</td>
<td>647712</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>1014</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>200</td>
<td>UL</td>
<td>LOW</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3350.01</td>
<td>623334</td>
<td>3300.87</td>
<td>620058</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7711</td>
<td>620352</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2 (2)</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>(0,1,2)</td>
<td>&amp;</td>
<td></td>
<td>MaxFsBW = 500 MHz, maxWgap = 300 MHz</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>(100+100)</td>
<td>DL</td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>273</td>
<td>3750.00</td>
<td>650000</td>
<td>3700.86</td>
<td>646724</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>7989</td>
<td>647040</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3 (3)</td>
<td>6</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>HIGH</td>
<td>CC1</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>High Range not applicable</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>CC2</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>-</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Note 1:CCs are specified in increasing frequency order. CC1 is used as PCell if nothing else is specified in the test case.</p>
<p>Note 2:The parameter Offset Carrier CORESET#0 specifies the offset from the lowest subcarrier of the carrier and the lowest subcarrier of CORESET#0. It corresponds to the parameter ΔF<sub>OffsetCORESET-0-Carrier</sub> in Annex C expressed in number of common RBs.</p>
<p>Note 3:The CORESET#0 Index and the associated CORESET#0 Offset refers to Table 13-3 in TS 38.213 [22]. The value of CORESET#0 Index is signalled in controlResourceSetZero (pdcch-ConfigSIB1) in the MIB. The offsetToPointA IE is expressed in units of resource blocks assuming 15 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR1 and 60 kHz subcarrier spacing for FR2.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

##### 4.3.1.1.6 NR Operating SUL band combinations in FR1

For SUL band combinations specified in TS 38.101-1 \[7\] Table 5.5C-1,
the test frequencies and signalling parameters in clause 4.3.1.1.1 apply
for each operating bands.

For SUL band combinations with intra-band non-contiguous CA specified in
TS 38.101-1 \[7\] Table 5.5C-2, the test frequencies and signalling
parameters in clause 4.3.1.1.1 apply for SUL band. The test frequencies
and signalling parameters in clause 4.3.1.1.5 apply for each DL CA
component carrier.

For SUL band combinations with intra-band contiguous CA specified in TS
38.101-1 \[7\] Table 5.5C-3, the test frequencies and signalling
parameters in clause 4.3.1.1.1 apply for SUL band. The test frequencies
and signalling parameters in clause 4.3.1.1.3 apply for each DL CA
component carrier.

For SUL band combinations with inter-band CA specified in TS 38.101-1
\[7\] Table 5.5C-4, the test frequencies and signalling parameters in
clause 4.3.1.1.1 apply for each operating bands.

##### 4.3.1.1.7 NR inter-band NR-DC configurations in FR1

###### 4.3.1.1.7.1 NR inter-band NR-DC configurations in FR1 (two bands)

Table 4.3.1.1.7.1-1: Inter-band NR-DC configurations (FR1, two bands)

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NR-DC   | Uplink  | NR-DC   | NR-DC   | NR-DC   | NR-DC   | App     |
|         | NR-DC   | d       | d       | uplink  | uplink  | licable |
| config  |         | ownlink | ownlink | config  | config  | for     |
| uration | config  | config  | config  | uration | uration | p       |
|         | uration | uration | uration | band 1  | band 2  | rotocol |
|         |         | band 1  | band 2  |         |         | testing |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | (Note   |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | 1)      |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| DC\_n4  | DC\_n4  | n48A    | n70A    | n48A    | n70A    | Yes     |
| 8A-n70A | 8A-n70A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| DC\_n2  | DC\_n2  | n28A    | n46A    | n28A    | n46A    | Yes     |
| 8A-n46A | 8A-n46A |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Note 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| P       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rotocol |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| testing |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| limited |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NR-DC   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| configu |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rations |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| with    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2CC.    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
