Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

The present document is one part of a multi-part Technical Specification
(TS) covering the New Radio (NR) User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification, which is divided in the following parts:

\- 3GPP TS 38.521-1: \" NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 1: Range 1
Standalone\" (the present document).

\- 3GPP TS 38.521-2 \[13\]: \" NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 2: Range 2
Standalone\".

\- 3GPP TS 38.521-3 \[14\]: "NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 3: Range 1 and
Range 2 Interworking operation with other radios"

\- 3GPP TS 38.521-4 \[15\]: "NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 4: Performance".

\- 3GPP TS 38.522 \[16\]: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Applicability of RF and RRM test cases;

\- 3GPP TS 38.533 \[17\]: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio resource management;

 1 Scope
=======

The present document specifies the measurement procedures for the
conformance test of the user equipment (UE) that contain RF
characteristics for frequency Range 1 as part of the 5G-NR.

The requirements are listed in different clauses only if the
corresponding parameters deviate. More generally, tests are only
applicable to those mobiles that are intended to support the appropriate
functionality. To indicate the circumstances in which tests apply, this
is noted in the \"*definition and applicability*\" part of the test.

For example only Release 15 and later UE declared to support 5G-NR shall
be tested for this functionality. In the event that for some tests
different conditions apply for different releases, this is indicated
within the text of the test itself.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case of
a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.101-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 1: Range 1 Standalone\".

\[3\] 3GPP TS 38.101-2: \" NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission
and reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone\".

\[4\] 3GPP TS 38.101-3: \" NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission
and reception; Part 3: Range 1 and Range 2 Interworking operation with
other radios\".

\[5\] 3GPP TS 38.508-1: \"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Part 1: Common test environment \".

\[6\] 3GPP TS 38.331: \"NR; Radio Resource Control (RRC); Protocol
specification\".

\[7\] Recommendation ITU-R M.1545: \"Measurement uncertainty as it
applies to test limits for the terrestrial component of International
Mobile Telecommunications-2000\".

\[8\] 3GPP TS 38.211: \"NR; Physical channels and modulation\".

\[9\] 3GPP TS 38.213: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for control\".

\[10\] 3GPP TR 38.903: \"NR; Derivation of test tolerances and
measurement uncertainty for User Equipment (UE) conformance tests\".

\[11\] 3GPP TR 38.905: \"NR; Derivation of test points for radio
transmission and reception conformance test cases\".

\[12\] 3GPP TS 38.214: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for data\".

\[13\] 3GPP TS 38.521-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 2: Range 2
Standalone\".

\[14\] 3GPP TS 38.521-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 3: Range 1 and
Range 2 Interworking operation with other radios\".

\[15\] 3GPP TS 38.521-4: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 4: Performance\".

\[16\] 3GPP TS 38.522: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Applicability of RF and RRM test cases\".

\[17\] 3GPP TS 38.533: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Applicability of RF and RRM test cases\".

\[18\] 3GPP TS 38.321: \"NR; Medium Access Control (MAC) protocol
specification\".

\[19\] 3GPP TS 38.133: \"NR; Requirements for support of radio resource
management \".

\[20\] 3GPP TS 38.215: \"NR; Physical layer measurements\".

\[21\] 3GPP TS 36.521-1: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); User Equipment UE) conformance specification; Radio
transmission and reception; Part 1: Conformance Testing\".

\[22\] ITU-R Recommendation SM.329-10, \"Unwanted emissions in the
spurious domain\".

\[23\] 3GPP TS 38.307: \"NR; Requirements on User Equipments (UEs)
supporting a release-independent frequency band\".

\[24\] 3GPP TS 37.213: \"Physical layer procedures for shared spectrum
channel access\".

\[25\] 3GPP TS 36.508: \"Common test environments for User Equipment
(UE)\"

\[26\] 3GPP TS 38.306: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio access
capabilities\".

\[27\] 3GPP TS 38.104: \"NR; Base Station (BS) radio transmission and
reception\".

\[28\] 3GPP TS 36.101: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio access
capabilities\".

\[29\] ECC Decision(20)02: \"Harmonised use of the paired frequency
bands 874.4-880.0 MHz and 919.4-925.0 MHz and of the unpaired frequency
band 1900-1910 MHz for Railway Mobile Radio (RMR)\"

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same term,
if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

**Aggregated Allocation Bandwidth:** Total bandwidth of all allocated
RBs in a transmission occasion. Can be calculated for two aggregated CCs
as L~CRB,\ 1~\* 12\* SCS~1~ + L~CRB,2~ \* 12 \* SCS~2~.

**Aggregated Channel Bandwidth:** The RF bandwidth in which a UE
transmits and receives multiple contiguously aggregated carriers.

**ATG UE: The terminals or user equipments which are mounted in aircraft
and support ATG feature** (i.e. UE capability *airToGroundNetwork-r18*)
**as defined in clause 4.2.2. from TS38.306 \[26\].**

**Carrier aggregation:** Aggregation of two or more component carriers
in order to support wider transmission bandwidths.

**Carrier aggregation band:** A set of one or more operating bands
across which multiple carriers are aggregated with a specific set of
technical requirements.

**Carrier aggregation bandwidth class:** A class defined by the
aggregated transmission bandwidth configuration and maximum number of
component carriers supported by a UE.

**Carrier aggregation configuration**: A combination of CA operating
band(s) and CA bandwidth class(es) supported by a UE.

**Concurrent operation**: The simultaneous transmission and reception of
sidelink and Uu interfaces while operation is agnostic of the service
used on each interface.

**Contiguous carriers**: A set of two or more carriers configured in a
spectrum block where there are no RF requirements based on co-existence
for un-coordinated operation within the spectrum block.

**Contiguous resource allocation**: A resource allocation of consecutive
resource blocks within one carrier or across contiguously aggregated
carriers. The gap between contiguously aggregated carriers due to the
nominal channel spacing is allowed.

**Contiguous spectrum**: Spectrum consisting of a contiguous block of
spectrum with no sub-block gaps.

**eRedCap UE**: The UE with enhanced reduced capabilities as defined in
clause 4.2.22.1 from TS38.306 \[26\].

**Inter-band carrier aggregation:** Carrier aggregation of component
carriers in different operating bands.

NOTE: Carriers aggregated in each band can be contiguous or
non-contiguous.

**Intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation:** Contiguous carriers
aggregated in the same operating band.

**Intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation:** Non-contiguous
carriers aggregated in the same operating band.

**RedCap UE**: The UE with reduced capabilities as defined in clause
4.2.21.1 from TS 38.306 \[15\].

**Sub-band**: For a UE that supports shared spectrum channel access in
wideband operation, a sub-band is the set of RBs within an approximately
20 MHz segment of the channel where the wideband channel is uniformly
divided into an integer number of 20 MHz sub-bands. Sub-bands may be
separately allocated in uplink and downlink.

**Sub-block:** This is one contiguous allocated block of spectrum for
transmission and reception by the same UE. There may be multiple
instances of sub-blocks within an RF bandwidth.

**Sub-block bandwidth**: The bandwidth of one sub-block.

**Sub-block gap**: A frequency gap between two consecutive sub-blocks
within an RF bandwidth, where the RF requirements in the gap are based
on co-existence for un-coordinated operation.

**UE transmission bandwidth configuration**: Set of resource blocks
located within the UE channel bandwidth which may be used for
transmitting or receiving by the UE.

**Vehicular UE:** A UE embedded in a vehicle, permanently connected to
an embedded antenna system that radiates externally for NR operating
bands.

NOTE: Vehicular UE does not refer to other UE form factors placed inside
the vehicle.

**Wideband operation:** For a UE that supports shared spectrum channel
access, wideband operation refers to operation within a channel larger
than 20 MHz in which intra-cell guard bands may be configured to
distinguish individual RB-sets

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

ΔF~Global~ Granularity of the global frequency raster

ΔF~Raster~ Band dependent channel raster granularity

Δf~OOB~ Δ Frequency of Out Of Band emission

ΔF~TX-RX~ Δ Frequency of default TX-RX separation of the FDD *operating
band*

∆MPR~c~ Allowed Maximum Power Reduction relaxation for serving cell *c*

ΔP~PowerClass~ Adjustment to maximum output power for a given power
class

**ΔR~1R\ ~**Reference sensitivity adjustment due to support for 1
antenna ports

∆~RB~ The starting frequency offset between the allocated RB and the
measured non-allocated RB

ΔR~IB,c~ Allowed reference sensitivity relaxation due to support for
inter-band CA operation, for serving cell *c*

ΔR~IB,4R~ Reference sensitivity adjustment due to support for 4 antenna
ports

ΔR~IB,8R~ Reference sensitivity adjustment due to support for 8 antenna
ports

Δ~Shift~ Channel raster offset

∆T~C~ Allowed operating band edge transmission power relaxation

∆T~C,*c*~ Allowed operating band edge transmission power relaxation for
serving cell *c*

ΔT~IB,c~ Allowed maximum configured output power relaxation due to
support for inter-band CA operation, inter-band NR-DC operation and due
to support for SUL operations, for serving cell *c*

BW~Channel~ Channel bandwidth

BW~Channel,block~ Sub-block bandwidth, expressed in MHz.
BW~Channel,block~= F~edge,block,high~- F~edge,block,low~

BW~Channel\_CA~ Aggregated channel bandwidth, expressed in MHz

BW~Channel,max~ Maximum channel bandwidth supported among all bands in a
release

BW~GB~ max(BW~GB,Channel(*k*))~

BW~GB,Channel(k)~ Minimum guard band defined in clause 5.3A.1 of carrier
*k*

BW~DL~ Channel bandwidth for DL

BW~UL~ Channel bandwidth for UL

BW~interferer~ Bandwidth of the interferer

Ceil(x) Rounding upwards; ceil(x) is the smallest integer such that
ceil(x) ≥ x

Floor(x) Rounding downwards; floor(x) is the greatest integer such that
floor(x) ≤ x

F~C~ Center frequency of a carrier for a numerology defined by the *RF
reference frequency* on the channel raster mapped to the carrier
according to sub-clause 5.4.2.2

**F~C,block,\ high~** Fc of the highest transmitted/received carrier in
a sub-block

**F~C,block,\ low~** Fc of the lowest transmitted/received carrier in a
sub-block

F~C,\ low~ The Fc of the lowest carrier, expressed in MHz

F~C,\ high~ The Fc of the highest carrier, expressed in MHz

F~DL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the downlink operating band

F~DL\_high~ The highest frequency of the downlink operating band

F~UL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the uplink operating band

F~UL\_high~ The highest frequency of the uplink operating band

F~edge,block,low~ The lower sub-block edge, where F~edge,block,low~ =
F~C,block,low~ - F~offset.,\ low~

F~edge,block,high~ The upper sub-block edge, where F~edge,block,high~ =
F~C,block,high~ + F~offset.,\ high~

F~edge,\ low~ The *lower edge* of aggregated channel bandwidth,
expressed in MHz. F~edge,low~ = F~C,low~ - F~offset,low~

F~edge,\ high~ The *higher edge* of aggregated channel bandwidth,
expressed in MHz. F~edge,high~ = F~C,high~ + F~offset,high~

F~Interferer~ (offset) Frequency offset of the interferer (between the
center frequency of the interferer and the carrier frequency of the
carrier measured). For intra-band contiguous CA, the F~Interferer~
(offset) is the frequency separation of the center frequency of the
carrier closest to the interferer and the center frequency of the
interferer.

F~Interferer~ Frequency of the interferer

F~Ioffset~ Frequency offset of the interferer (between the centre
frequency of the interferer and the closest edge of the carrier
measured)

F~offset~ Frequency offset from F~C,\ high~ to the *higher edge* or
F~C,\ low~ to the *lower edge*

F~offset,high~ Frequency offset from F~C,high~ to the upper *UE RF
Bandwidth edge*, or from **F~C,block,\ high\ ~**to the upper sub-block
edge

F~offset,low~ Frequency offset from F~C,low~ to the lower *UE RF
Bandwidth edge*, or from **F~C,block,\ low\ ~**to the lower sub-block
edge

F~OOB~ The boundary between the NR out of band emission and spurious
emission domains

F~REF~ RF reference frequency

F~REF-Offs~ Offset used for calculating F~REF~

F~REF,Shift~ RF reference frequency for Supplementary Uplink (SUL) bands
and for the uplink for all FDD bands, and TDD bands

F~uw~ (offset) The frequency separation of the center frequency of the
carrier closest to the interferer and the center frequency of the
interferer

GB~Channel~ Minimum guard band defined in clause 5.3.3, expressed in kHz

L~CRB~ Transmission bandwidth which represents the length of a
contiguous resource block allocation expressed in units of resources
blocks

Max() The largest of given numbers

Min() The smallest of given numbers

Physical resource block number

NR~ACLR~ NR ACLR

N~RB~ Transmission bandwidth configuration, expressed in units of
resource blocks

N~RB\_agg~ The number of the aggregated RBs within the fully allocated
aggregated channel bandwidth\
$N_{RB_{\_ agg}} = \sum_{i = 1}^{j}{N_{RB_{i}}*2^{\mu_{i}}}$ for carrier
1 to j, where *μ* is defined in TS 38.211 \[8\]

Highest N~RB\_agg~ The highest N~RB\_agg~ across Bandwidth Combination
Sets supported by the UE as part of the CA Configuration.

Lowest N~RB\_agg~ The lowest N~RB\_agg~ across Bandwidth Combination
Sets supported by the UE as part of the CA Configuration.

N~RB,c~ The transmission bandwidth configuration of component carrier c,
expressed in units of resource blocks\
$N_{RB,cj} = N_{RB_{j}}*2^{\mu_{j}}$ for carrier j, where *μ* is defined
in TS 38.211 \[8\]

N~RB,largest\ BW~ The largest transmission bandwidth configuration of
the component carriers in the bandwidth combination, expressed in units
of resource blocks

N~RB,low~ The transmission bandwidth configurations according to Table
5.3.2-1 for the lowest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.1

N~RB,high~ The transmission bandwidth configurations according to Table
5.3.2-1 for the highest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.1

N~REF~ NR Absolute Radio Frequency Channel Number (NR-ARFCN)

N~REF-Offs~ Offset used for calculating N~REF~

P~CMAX~ The configured maximum UE output power

P~CMAX~, *~c~* The configured maximum UE output power for serving cell
*c*

P~CMAX~, *~f~*, *~c~* The configured maximum UE output power for carrier
*f* of serving cell *c* in each slot

P~EMAX~ Maximum allowed UE output power signalled by higher layers

P~EMAX,\ *c*~ Maximum allowed UE output power signalled by higher layers
for serving cell *c*

P~Interferer~ Modulated mean power of the interferer

P~largest\ BW~ Power of the largest transmission bandwidth configuration
of the component carriers in the bandwidth combination

P~PowerClass~ The nominal UE power (i.e., no tolerance)

P~max,c,AC~ Maximum output power defined as the sum of measurement of
all antenna connectors

P~max,c,TABC~ Maximum carrier output power defined as the sum of
measurement of all TAB connectors

P~rated,c,AC~ Rated maximum output power defined as the sum of power
over all antenna connectors

P~rated,c,TABC~ Rated maximum output power defined as the sum of power
over all TAB connectors

P-MPR*~c~* Power Management Maximum Power Reduction for serving cell *c*

P~RB~ The transmitted power per allocated RB, measured in dBm

P~UMAX~ The measured configured maximum UE output power

Puw Power of an unwanted DL signal

Pw Power of a wanted DL signal

RB~Start~ The lowest RB index of transmitted resource blocks

RB~start\_CA~ Indicates the lowest RB index of transmitted resource
blocks for intra-band contiguous CA

SCS~c~ SCS for the component carrier c, expressed in kHz

SCS~largest\ BW~ SCS for the largest transmission bandwidth
configuration of the component carriers in the bandwidth combination,
expressed in kHz

SCS~low~ SCS for the lowest assigned component carrier in section
5.3A.1, expressed in kHz

SCS~high~ SCS for the highest assigned component carrier in section
5.3A.1, expressed in kHz

*tp* Transient Period value signalled by the UE

*tp~start~* Start position of transient period relative to the symbol
boundary

T(P~CMAX~, *~f~*, *~c~*) Tolerance for applicable values of P~CMAX~,
*~f~*, *~c~* for configured maximum UE output power for carrier *f* of
serving cell *c*

T~L,c~ Absolute value of the lower tolerance for the applicable
*operating band* as specified in section 6.2.1

SS~REF~ SS block reference frequency position

UTRA~ACLR~ UTRA ACLR

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in
the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\].

ACLR Adjacent Channel Leakage Ratio

ACS Adjacent Channel Selectivity

A-MPR Additional Maximum Power Reduction

ATG Air-To-Ground

BS Base Station

BW Bandwidth

BWP Bandwidth Part

CA Carrier Aggregation

CA\_nX-nY Inter-band CA of component carrier(s) in one sub-block within
Band nX and component carrier(s) in one sub-block within Band nY where
nX and nY are the applicable NR *operating bands*

CC Component Carriers

CG Carrier Groups

CM Cubic Metric

CORESET Control Resource Set

CP-OFDM Cyclic Prefix-OFDM

CW Continuous Wave

DC Dual Connectivity

DCI Downlink Control Information

DFT-s-OFDM Discrete Fourier Transform-spread-OFDM

DL Downlink

DM-RS Demodulation Reference Signal

DTX Discontinuous Transmission

EIRP Equivalent Isotropically Radiated Power

E-UTRA Evolved UTRA

EVM Error Vector Magnitude

FFT Fast Fourier Transformation

FR Frequency Range

FRC Fixed Reference Channel

GNSS Global Navigation Satellite System

GSCN Global Synchronization Channel Number

HARQ Hybrid Automatic Repeat Request

IBB In-band Blocking

IDFT Inverse Discrete Fourier Transformation

IE Information Element

ITS Intelligent Transportation System

ITU‑R Radio communication Sector of the International Telecommunication
Union

MBW Measurement bandwidth defined for the protected band

MCG Master Cell Group

MOP Maximum Output Power

MPR Allowed maximum power reduction

MSD Maximum Sensitivity Degradation

MU Measurement Uncertainty

NR New Radio

NR/5GC NR connected to 5GC

NR-ARFCN NR Absolute Radio Frequency Channel Number

NS Network Signalling

NSA Non-Standalone

OCNG OFDMA Channel Noise Generator

OOB Out-of-band

PBCH Physical Broadcast Channel

PDCCH Physical Downlink Control Channel

PDSCH Physical Downlink Shared Channel

P-MPR Power Management Maximum Power Reduction

PRACH Physical Random Access Channel

PRB Physical Resource Block

PSCCH Physical Sidelink Control CHannel

PSSCH Physical Sidelink Shared CHannel

QAM Quadrature Amplitude Modulation

RB Resource Block

RE Resource Element

RedCap Reduced Capability

REFSENS Reference Sensitivity

RF Radio Frequency

RMC Reference Measurement Channel

RMS Root Mean Square (value)

RNTI Radio Network Tempory Identity

RoT Rise Over Thermal

RSRP Reference Signal Receiving Power

Rx Receiver

SA Standalone

SC Single Carrier

SCG Secondary Cell Group

SCS Subcarrier spacing

SDL Supplementary Downlink

SEM Spectrum Emission Mask

SL Sidelink

SL-MIMO Sidelink-Multiple Antenna transmission

SNR Signal-to-Noise Ratio

SRS Sounding Reference Symbol

SUL Supplementary uplink

SS Synchronization Symbol

SS System Simulator

TAB Transceiver Array Boundary

TAE Time Alignment Error

TAG Timing Advance Group

TPC Transmit Power Control

TT Test Tolerances

Tx Transmitter

TxD Tx Diversity

UE User Equipment

UL Uplink

UL MIMO Uplink Multiple Antenna transmission

ULFPTx Uplink Full Power Transmission

V2X Vehicle to Everything

4 General
=========

4.1 Relationship between minimum requirements and test requirements
-------------------------------------------------------------------

The TS 38.101-1 \[2\] is a Single-RAT specification for NR UE, covering
RF characteristics and minimum performance requirements. Conformance to
the TS 38.101-1 \[2\] is demonstrated by fulfilling the test
requirements specified in the present document.

The Minimum Requirements given in TS 38.101-1 \[2\] make no allowance
for measurement uncertainty (MU). The present document defines test
tolerances (TT) and measurement uncertainty. These test tolerances are
individually defined for each test. The test tolerances are used to
relax the minimum requirements in TS 38.101-1 \[2\] to create test
requirements. For some requirements, including regulatory requirements,
the test tolerance is set to zero.

The measurement results returned by the test system are compared -
without any modification - against the test requirements as defined by
various levels of "Shared Risk" principle as described below.

a\) Core specification value is not relaxed by any relaxation value
(TT=0). For each single measurement, the probability of a borderline
good UE being judged as FAIL equals the probability of a borderline bad
UE being judged as PASS.

\- Test tolerances equal to 0 (TT=0) are considered in this
specification.

b\) Core specification value is relaxed by a relaxation value (TT\>0).
For each single measurement, the probability of a borderline bad UE
being judged as PASS is greater than the probability of a borderline
good UE being judged as FAIL.

\- Test tolerances lower than measurement uncertainty and greater than 0
(0 \< TT \< MU) are considered in this specification.

\- Test tolerances high up to measurement uncertainty (TT = MU) are
considered in this specification which is also known as "Never fail a
good DUT" principle.

c\) Core specification value is tightened by a stringent value (TT\<0).
For each single measurement, the probability of a borderline good UE
being judged as FAIL is greater than the probability of a borderline bad
UE being judged as PASS.

Test tolerances lower than 0 (TT\<0) are not considered in this
specification.The "Never fail a good DUT" and the "Shared Risk"
principles are defined in Recommendation ITU-R M.1545 \[7\].

4.2 Applicability of minimum requirements
-----------------------------------------

a\) In TS 38.101-1 \[2\] the Minimum Requirements are specified as
general requirements and additional requirements. Where the Requirement
is specified as a general requirement, the requirement is mandated to be
met in all scenarios

b\) For specific scenarios for which an additional requirement is
specified, in addition to meeting the general requirement, the UE is
mandated to meet the additional requirements.

c\) The spurious emissions power requirements are for the long-term
average of the power. For the purpose of reducing measurement
uncertainty it is acceptable to average the measured power over a period
of time sufficient to reduce the uncertainty due to the statistical
nature of the signal.

d\) All the requirements for intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous CA
apply under the assumption of the same slot format indicated by
*TDD-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon and TDD-UL-DL-ConfigurationDedicated* in
the PCell and SCells for NR/5GC.

e\) The requirements for Tx diversity in this release are applied for UE
which indicates IE *txDiversity-r16*.

4.3 Specification suffix information
------------------------------------

Unless stated otherwise the following suffixes are used for indicating
at 2^nd^ level subclause, shown in Table 4.3-1.

Table 4.3-1: Definition of suffixes

  Clause suffix   Variant
  --------------- --------------------------------------------
  None            Single Carrier
  A               Carrier Aggregation (CA)
  B               Dual-Connectivity (DC)
  C               Supplementary Uplink (SUL)
  D               UL MIMO
  E               V2X
  F               Shared spectrum channel access
  G               Tx Diversity (TxD)
  H               Carrier Aggregation (CA) with UL MIMO
  I               (e)RedCap
  J               ATG
  L               Carrier Aggregation (CA) with Tx Diversity

A terminal which supports the above features needs to meet both the
general requirements and the additional requirement applicable to the
additional subclause (suffixes A to J) in clauses 5, 6 and 7. Where
there is a difference in requirement between the general requirements
and the additional subclause requirements (suffixes A to I) in clauses
5, 6 and 7, the tighter requirements are applicable unless stated
otherwise in the additional subclause.

A terminal which supports more than one feature in clauses 5, 6 and 7
shall meet all of the separate corresponding requirements.

For a terminal that supports SUL for the band combination specified in
Table 5.2C-1, the current version of the specification assumes the
terminal is configured with active transmission either on UL carrier or
SUL carrier at any time in one serving cell and the UE requirements for
single carrier shall apply for the active UL or SUL carrier accordingly.

For a terminal that supports operation in shared spectrum, the current
version of this specification assumes in the uplink sub-bands within a
wideband channel shall be contiguously allocated to the UE. The uplink
requirements for one or more non-transmitted sub-bands between two
transmitted sub-bands does not form a part of the current version of
this specification.

A terminal which supports intra-band contiguous UL CA with UL MIMO shall
meet the corresponding requirements in suffix H with all UL CCs with UL
MIMO.

Terminal that supports inter-band NR-DC configuration shall meet the
minimum requirements for corresponding CA configuration (suffix A),
unless otherwise specified.

For a terminal that supports inter-band Carrier Aggregation (CA) with UL
MIMO or Tx diversity operation, the requirements are targeted for FWA
form factor in current version of specification.

A terminal which supports inter-band UL CA with UL MIMO shall meet the
corresponding requirements in suffix H with all UL CCs with UL MIMO for
the frequency band(s) said to be with UL MIMO.

4.4 Test points analysis
------------------------

The information on test point analysis and test point selection
including number of test points for each test case is shown in TR 38.905
\[11\] clause 4.1.

4.5 Applicability and test coverage rules
-----------------------------------------

The applicability and test coverage rules for NR/5GC and EN-DC capable
devices shall include the following:

If a test case for a FR1 NR band in a device is tested in EN-DC mode
inter-band operation for non-exceptional requirement as per TS 38.521-3
\[14\], it shall fulfil the coverage requirement for that test case for
NR/5GC FR1 test requirements for that NR band and need not be retested.

Unless there are exception requirements defined within the NR-DC test
cases in clause 6 and 7 of this spec: if a DUT is tested on an FR1 NR-CA
configuration, the DUT need not be retested for the FR1 NR-DC
configuration involving the same bands within the component
carriers/carrier groups (CGs).

Ifspurious emission for UE co-existence requirement is tested for an
uplink multi-band combination in EN-DC mode as per TS 38.521-3, it shall
fulfil the coverage requirement for that test case for NR/5GC FR1 test
requirements for that uplink combination in NR CA mode and in NR SUL
mode and need not be re-tested, in which the corresponding SUL bands
have same UL frequency range as the bands in EN-DC configuration.

Note: An uplink multi-band combination in CA mode is CA\_nA-nB, the
corresponding EN-DC mode is DC\_A\_nB or DC\_B\_nA, and the
corresponding SUL mode is SUL\_nA-nD and SUL\_nB-nC, in which the bands
A/nA and B/nB are E-UTRA/NR bands, the band nC and nD are the
corresponding SUL bands with the same UL frequency range as that of
bands A/nA and B/nB, e.g. SUL band n80 has the same UL frequency range
as band n3.

4.6 Pass fail decision rule of test case
----------------------------------------

Unless explicitly specified, a test case is passed only when all the
measurements in the test case are passed. A measurement is one execution
of the test procedures using a specific combination of various
conditions, including test configuration, testing UL/DL power level,
frequency location of interference and sweeping frequency location of
emission measurement etc. If multiple component carriers are involved in
one measurement, the measurement is passed only when all the component
carriers are passed.

5 Operating bands and Channel arrangement
=========================================

5.1 General
-----------

The channel arrangements presented in this clause are based on the
operating bands and channel bandwidths defined in the present release of
specifications.

NOTE: Other operating bands and channel bandwidths may be considered in
future releases.

Requirements throughout the RF specifications are in many cases defined
separately for different frequency ranges (FR). The frequency ranges in
which NR can operate according to this version of the specification are
identified as described in Table 5.1-1.

Table 5.1-1: Definition of frequency ranges

  Frequency range designation   Corresponding frequency range
  ----------------------------- -------------------------------
  FR1                           410 MHz -- 7125 MHz
  FR2                           24250 MHz -- 52600 MHz

The present specification covers FR1 operating bands.

5.2 Operating bands
-------------------

NR is designed to operate in the FR1 operating bands defined in
Table 5.2-1.

Table 5.2-1: NR operating bands in FR1

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| NR operating    | Uplink (UL)     | Downlink (DL)   | Duplex Mode |
| band            | *operating      | *operating      |             |
|                 | band*\          | band*\          |             |
|                 | BS receive / UE | BS transmit /   |             |
|                 | transmit        | UE receive      |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
|                 | F~UL\_low~ --   | F~DL\_low~ --   |             |
|                 | F~UL\_high~     | F~DL\_high~     |             |
+=================+=================+=================+=============+
| n1              | 1920 MHz --     | 2110 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1980 MHz        | 2170 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n2              | 1850 MHz --     | 1930 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1910 MHz        | 1990 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n3              | 1710 MHz --     | 1805 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1785 MHz        | 1880 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n5              | 824 MHz -- 849  | 869 MHz -- 894  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n7              | 2500 MHz --     | 2620 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 2570 MHz        | 2690 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n8              | 880 MHz -- 915  | 925 MHz -- 960  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n12             | 699 MHz -- 716  | 729 MHz -- 746  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n13             | 777 MHz -- 787  | 746 MHz -- 756  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n14             | 788 MHz -- 798  | 758 MHz -- 768  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n20             | 832 MHz -- 862  | 791 MHz -- 821  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n24^16^         | 1626.5 MHz --   | 1525 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1660.5 MHz      | 1559 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n25             | 1850 MHz --     | 1930 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1915 MHz        | 1995 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n26             | 814 MHz -- 849  | 859 MHz -- 894  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n28             | 703 MHz -- 748  | 758 MHz -- 803  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n29             | N/A             | 717 MHz -- 728  | SDL^19^     |
|                 |                 | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n30^3^          | 2305 Mhz --     | 2350 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 2315 MHz        | 2360 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n31             | 452.5 MHz --    | 462.5 MHz --    | FDD         |
|                 | 457.5 MHz       | 467.5 MHz       |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n34             | 2010 MHz --     | 2010 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2025 MHz        | 2025 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n38^10^         | 2570 MHz --     | 2570 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2620 MHz        | 2620 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n39             | 1880 MHz --     | 1880 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1920 MHz        | 1920 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n40             | 2300 MHz --     | 2300 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2400 MHz        | 2400 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n41             | 2496 MHz --     | 2496 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2690 MHz        | 2690 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n46             | 5150 MHz --     | 5150 MHz --     | TDD^13^     |
|                 | 5925 MHz        | 5925 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n47^11^         | 5855 MHz --     | 5855 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 5925 MHz        | 5925 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n48             | 3550 MHz --     | 3550 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 3700 MHz        | 3700 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n50             | 1432 MHz --     | 1432 MHz --     | TDD^1^      |
|                 | 1517 MHz        | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n51             | 1427 MHz --     | 1427 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1432 MHz        | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n53             | 2483.5 MHz --   | 2483.5 MHz --   | TDD         |
|                 | 2495 MHz        | 2495 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n54             | 1670 MHz --     | 1670 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1675 MHz        | 1675 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n65             | 1920 MHz --     | 2110 MHz --     | FDD^4^      |
|                 | 2010 MHz        | 2200 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n66             | 1710 MHz --     | 2110 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1780 MHz        | 2200 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n70             | 1695 MHz --     | 1995 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1710 MHz        | 2020 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n71             | 663 MHz -- 698  | 617 MHz -- 652  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n72             | 451 MHz -- 456  | 461 MHz -- 466  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n74             | 1427 MHz --     | 1475 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1470 MHz        | 1518 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n75             | N/A             | 1432 MHz --     | SDL^19^     |
|                 |                 | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n76             | N/A             | 1427 MHz --     | SDL^19^     |
|                 |                 | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n77^12^         | 3300 MHz --     | 3300 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 4200 MHz        | 4200 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n78             | 3300 MHz --     | 3300 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 3800 MHz        | 3800 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n79^17^         | 4400 MHz --     | 4400 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 5000 MHz        | 5000 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n80             | 1710 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1785 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n81             | 880 MHz -- 915  | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | MHz             |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n82             | 832 MHz -- 862  | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | MHz             |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n83             | 703 MHz -- 748  | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | MHz             |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n84             | 1920 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1980 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n85             | 698 MHz -- 716  | 728 MHz -- 746  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n86             | 1710 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1780 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n91             | 832 MHz -- 862  | 1427 MHz --     | FDD^9^      |
|                 | MHz             | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n92             | 832 MHz -- 862  | 1432 MHz --     | FDD^9^      |
|                 | MHz             | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n93             | 880 MHz -- 915  | 1427 MHz --     | FDD^9^      |
|                 | MHz             | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n94             | 880 MHz -- 915  | 1432 MHz --     | FDD^9^      |
|                 | MHz             | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n95^8^          | 2010 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 2025 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n96^14^         | 5925 MHz --     | 5925 MHz --     | TDD^13^     |
|                 | 7125 MHz        | 7125 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n97^15^         | 2300 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 2400 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n98^15^         | 1880 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1920 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n99^16^         | 1626.5 MHz --   | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1660.5 MHz      |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n100^21^        | 874.4 MHz --    | 919.4 MHz --    | FDD         |
|                 | 880 MHz         | 925 MHz         |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n101^21^        | 1900 MHz --     | 1900 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1910 MHz        | 1910 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n104^17,\ 18^   | 6425 MHz --     | 6425 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 7125 MHz        | 7125 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n105            | 663 MHz -- 703  | 612 MHz -- 652  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n106            | 896 MHz -- 901  | 935 MHz -- 940  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n109^9^         | 703 MHz -- 733  | 1432 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: UE that |                 |                 |             |
| complies with   |                 |                 |             |
| the NR Band n50 |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements in |                 |                 |             |
| this            |                 |                 |             |
| specification.  |                 |                 |             |
| Shall also      |                 |                 |             |
| comply with the |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n51     |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 2: UE that |                 |                 |             |
| complies with   |                 |                 |             |
| the NR Band n75 |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements in |                 |                 |             |
| this            |                 |                 |             |
| specification.  |                 |                 |             |
| Shall also      |                 |                 |             |
| comply with the |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n76     |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 3: Uplink  |                 |                 |             |
| transmission is |                 |                 |             |
| not allowed at  |                 |                 |             |
| this band for   |                 |                 |             |
| UE with         |                 |                 |             |
| external        |                 |                 |             |
| vehicle-mounted |                 |                 |             |
| antennas.       |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 4: A UE    |                 |                 |             |
| that complies   |                 |                 |             |
| with the NR     |                 |                 |             |
| Band n65        |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements in |                 |                 |             |
| this            |                 |                 |             |
| specification   |                 |                 |             |
| shall also      |                 |                 |             |
| comply with the |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n1      |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 5: FFS.    |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 6: A UE    |                 |                 |             |
| that supports   |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n66     |                 |                 |             |
| shall receive   |                 |                 |             |
| in the entire   |                 |                 |             |
| DL operating    |                 |                 |             |
| band.           |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 7: A UE    |                 |                 |             |
| that supports   |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n66 and |                 |                 |             |
| CA operation in |                 |                 |             |
| any CA band     |                 |                 |             |
| shall also      |                 |                 |             |
| comply with the |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements    |                 |                 |             |
| specified for   |                 |                 |             |
| the DL CA       |                 |                 |             |
| configurations  |                 |                 |             |
| CA\_n66B and    |                 |                 |             |
| CA\_n66(2A) in  |                 |                 |             |
| the current     |                 |                 |             |
| version of the  |                 |                 |             |
| specification.  |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 8: This    |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable in   |                 |                 |             |
| China only.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 9:         |                 |                 |             |
| Variable duplex |                 |                 |             |
| operation does  |                 |                 |             |
| not enable      |                 |                 |             |
| dynamic         |                 |                 |             |
| variable duplex |                 |                 |             |
| configuration   |                 |                 |             |
| by the network, |                 |                 |             |
| and is used     |                 |                 |             |
| such that DL    |                 |                 |             |
| and UL          |                 |                 |             |
| frequency       |                 |                 |             |
| ranges are      |                 |                 |             |
| supported       |                 |                 |             |
| independently   |                 |                 |             |
| in any valid    |                 |                 |             |
| frequency range |                 |                 |             |
| for the band.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 10: When   |                 |                 |             |
| this band is    |                 |                 |             |
| used for V2X SL |                 |                 |             |
| service, the    |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| exclusively     |                 |                 |             |
| used for NR V2X |                 |                 |             |
| in particular   |                 |                 |             |
| regions.        |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 11: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| unlicensed band |                 |                 |             |
| used for V2X    |                 |                 |             |
| service. There  |                 |                 |             |
| is no expected  |                 |                 |             |
| network         |                 |                 |             |
| deployment in   |                 |                 |             |
| this band.      |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 12: In the |                 |                 |             |
| USA this band   |                 |                 |             |
| is restricted   |                 |                 |             |
| to 3450 -- 3550 |                 |                 |             |
| MHz and 3700 -- |                 |                 |             |
| 3980 MHz. In    |                 |                 |             |
| Canada this     |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| 3450 -- 3650    |                 |                 |             |
| MHz and 3650 -- |                 |                 |             |
| 3980 MHz.       |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 13: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| operation with  |                 |                 |             |
| shared spectrum |                 |                 |             |
| channel access  |                 |                 |             |
| as defined in   |                 |                 |             |
| 37.213 \[24\].  |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 14: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable only |                 |                 |             |
| in              |                 |                 |             |
| co              |                 |                 |             |
| untries/regions |                 |                 |             |
| designating     |                 |                 |             |
| this band for   |                 |                 |             |
| shareds pectrum |                 |                 |             |
| access use      |                 |                 |             |
| subject to      |                 |                 |             |
| c               |                 |                 |             |
| ountry-specific |                 |                 |             |
| conditions.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 15: The    |                 |                 |             |
| requirements    |                 |                 |             |
| for this band   |                 |                 |             |
| are applicable  |                 |                 |             |
| only where no   |                 |                 |             |
| other NR or     |                 |                 |             |
| E-UTRA TDD      |                 |                 |             |
| operating       |                 |                 |             |
| band(s) are     |                 |                 |             |
| used within the |                 |                 |             |
| frequency range |                 |                 |             |
| of this band in |                 |                 |             |
| the same        |                 |                 |             |
| geographical    |                 |                 |             |
| area. For       |                 |                 |             |
| scenarios where |                 |                 |             |
| other NR or     |                 |                 |             |
| E-UTRA TDD      |                 |                 |             |
| operating       |                 |                 |             |
| band(s) are     |                 |                 |             |
| used within the |                 |                 |             |
| frequency range |                 |                 |             |
| of this band in |                 |                 |             |
| the same        |                 |                 |             |
| geographical    |                 |                 |             |
| area, special   |                 |                 |             |
| co-existence    |                 |                 |             |
| requirements    |                 |                 |             |
| may apply that  |                 |                 |             |
| are not covered |                 |                 |             |
| by the 3GPP     |                 |                 |             |
| specifications. |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 16: DL     |                 |                 |             |
| operation in    |                 |                 |             |
| this band is    |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| 1526 -- 1536    |                 |                 |             |
| MHz and UL      |                 |                 |             |
| operation is    |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| 1627.5 --       |                 |                 |             |
| 1637.5 MHz and  |                 |                 |             |
| 1646.5 --       |                 |                 |             |
| 1656.5 MHz.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 17: For    |                 |                 |             |
| this band,      |                 |                 |             |
| CORESET\#0      |                 |                 |             |
| values from     |                 |                 |             |
| Table 13-5 or   |                 |                 |             |
| Table 13-6 in   |                 |                 |             |
| \[8, TS         |                 |                 |             |
| 38.213\] are    |                 |                 |             |
| applied         |                 |                 |             |
| regardless of   |                 |                 |             |
| the minimum     |                 |                 |             |
| channel         |                 |                 |             |
| bandwidth.      |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 18: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable only |                 |                 |             |
| in              |                 |                 |             |
| co              |                 |                 |             |
| untries/regions |                 |                 |             |
| designating     |                 |                 |             |
| this band       |                 |                 |             |
| for IMT         |                 |                 |             |
| licensed        |                 |                 |             |
| operation       |                 |                 |             |
| subject to      |                 |                 |             |
| c               |                 |                 |             |
| ountry-specific |                 |                 |             |
| conditions.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 19: For    |                 |                 |             |
| SDL bands,      |                 |                 |             |
| downlink        |                 |                 |             |
| configuration   |                 |                 |             |
| for RRM         |                 |                 |             |
| performance     |                 |                 |             |
| testing is same |                 |                 |             |
| as FDD.         |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 20:        |                 |                 |             |
| Operating band  |                 |                 |             |
| n200 is a       |                 |                 |             |
| reserved value. |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 21: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable only |                 |                 |             |
| in countries    |                 |                 |             |
| subject to ECC  |                 |                 |             |
| Decision (20)02 |                 |                 |             |
| \[16\], for the |                 |                 |             |
| FRMCS           |                 |                 |             |
| application.    |                 |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+

5.2A Operating bands for CA
---------------------------

### 5.2A.1 Intra-band CA

NR intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation is designed to operate in
the operating bands defined in Table 5.2A.1-1 and Table 5.2A.1-2, where
all operating bands are within FR1.

Table 5.2A.1-1: Intra-band contiguous CA operating bands in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR CA Band                                          | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| **CA\_n5**                                          | **n5**        |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n40                                             | n40           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n41^1^                                          | n41           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n46^1^                                          | n46           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n48                                             | n48           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n66                                             | n66           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n77^1^                                          | n77           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78^1^                                          | n78           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n79^1^                                          | n79           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: The minimum requirements only apply for     |               |
| non‑simultaneous Tx/Rx between all carriers for TDD |               |
| combinations.                                       |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

Table 5.2A.1-2: Intra-band non-contiguous CA operating bands in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR CA Band                                          | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| CA\_n2(\*)                                          | n2            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n48(\*)                                         | n48           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n66(\*)                                         | n66           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n71(\*)                                         | n71           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n77(\*)                                         | n77           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78(\*)                                         | n78           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: The minimum requirements only apply for non |               |
| simultaneous Tx/Rx between all carriers. for TDD    |               |
| combinations.                                       |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: The notation CA\_nX(\*) in this table       |               |
| indicates intra-band non-contiguous CA for band nX. |               |
| The configurations for each band are in 5.5A.2.     |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

### 5.2A.2 Inter-band CA

NR inter-band carrier aggregation is designed to operate in the
operating bands defined in Table 5.2A.2.1-1, 5.2A.2.2-1 and
Table 5.2A.2.3-1, where all operating bands are within FR1.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a lower order
band combination, when the applicable lower order band combination is a
band pair in a higher order band combination, the mandatory simultaneous
Rx/Tx capability also applies for the band pair in the higher order band
combination.

Table 5.2A.2-1: Void

Table 5.2A.2-2: Void

Table 5.2A.2-3: Void

#### 5.2A.2.1 Inter-band CA (**two bands)**

Table 5.2A.2.1-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (two
bands)

+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| NR CA Band              | NR Band       | DL interruption allowed |
|                         |               | (Note 8)                |
|                         | (Table 5.2-1) |                         |
+=========================+===============+=========================+
| CA\_n1-n3               | n1, n3        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5               | n1, n5        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8               | n1, n8        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28              | n1, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n41^1^           | n1, n41       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n77^1^           | n1, n77       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n78^1^           | n1, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n79^1^           | n1, n79       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5               | n2, n5        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12              | n2, n12       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14              | n2, n14       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n30              | n2, n30       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48              | n2, n48       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66              | n2, n66       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n77              | n2, n77       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5               | n3, n5        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8               | n3, n8        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28              | n3, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n40^1^           | n3, n40       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n41^1^           | n3, n41       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n77^1^           | n3, n77       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n78^1^           | n3, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7               | n5, n7        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n30              | n5, n30       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48              | n5, n48       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n66              | n5, n66       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n77^1^           | n5, n77       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n78^1^           | n5, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n78^1^           | n7, n78       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA n8-n78^1^            | n8, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n14-n30             | n14, n30      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n14-n66             | n14, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n14-n77             | n14, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n20-n78             | n20, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n24-n41             | n24, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n24-n48             | n24, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n24-n77             | n24, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66             | n25, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n77             | n25, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n78             | n25, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n46**^6^**      | n25, n46      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n26-n66             | n26, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n26-n70             | n26, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n40^1^          | n28, n40      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41^1^          | n28, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n77^1^          | n28, n77      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28\_n78^1^         | n28, n78      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n79^1^          | n28, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n66             | n29, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n70             | n29, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n71             | n29, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n30-n66             | n30, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n30-n77             | n30, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n39-n41             | n39, n41      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n40-n77^1^          | n40, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66             | n41, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n71^1^          | n41, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n41-n77^1^**      | n41, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n79^1,3^        | n41, n79      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n46-n48^1,**6**^    | n46, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n46-n66**^6^**      | n46, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66             | n48, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n70             | n48, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n71             | n48, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n77^13,14,18^   | n48, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n70             | n66, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n71             | n66, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n77             | n66, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n78             | n66, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n70-n71             | n70, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n71-n77             | n70, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n71-n78             | n71, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n77-n79^5,7^        | n77, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n78-n79^5^          | n78, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Applicable for  |               |                         |
| UE supporting           |               |                         |
| inter-band carrier      |               |                         |
| aggregation with        |               |                         |
| mandatory simultaneous  |               |                         |
| Rx/Tx capability.       |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 2: FFS.            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 3: The frequency   |               |                         |
| range below 2506MHz for |               |                         |
| Band n41 is not used in |               |                         |
| this combination.       |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 4: Applicable for  |               |                         |
| frequency range above   |               |                         |
| 4800 MHz for Band n79   |               |                         |
| in this combination.    |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 5: For UEs         |               |                         |
| supporting band n77,    |               |                         |
| the minimum             |               |                         |
| requirements apply only |               |                         |
| when there is           |               |                         |
| non-simultaneous Rx/Tx  |               |                         |
| operation between       |               |                         |
| n78-n79 NR carriers.    |               |                         |
| This restriction        |               |                         |
| applies also for these  |               |                         |
| carriers when           |               |                         |
| applicable NR CA        |               |                         |
| configuration is part   |               |                         |
| of a higher order       |               |                         |
| configuration.          |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 6: The PCell is    |               |                         |
| allocated in the        |               |                         |
| licensed band in this   |               |                         |
| combination.            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 7: The minimum     |               |                         |
| requirements apply only |               |                         |
| when there is           |               |                         |
| non-simultaneous Rx/Tx  |               |                         |
| operation between       |               |                         |
| n77-n79 NR carriers.    |               |                         |
| This restriction        |               |                         |
| applies also for these  |               |                         |
| carriers when           |               |                         |
| applicable NR CA        |               |                         |
| configuration is part   |               |                         |
| of a higher order       |               |                         |
| configuration.          |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 8: Applicable when |               |                         |
| dynamic Tx switching is |               |                         |
| conducted. The DL       |               |                         |
| interruption            |               |                         |
| requirement is          |               |                         |
| specified in clause     |               |                         |
| 8.2.2.2.10 of 38.133    |               |                         |
| \[13\].                 |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 9: FFS             |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 10 FFS             |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 11: FFS            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 12: FFS            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 13: Simultaneous   |               |                         |
| Rx/Tx capability for    |               |                         |
| TDD combinations does   |               |                         |
| not apply for UEs       |               |                         |
| supporting band n48     |               |                         |
| with an n77             |               |                         |
| implementation.         |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 14: The band n48   |               |                         |
| and n77 will            |               |                         |
| synchronize their       |               |                         |
| uplink and downlink     |               |                         |
| configurations and in   |               |                         |
| commonly TDD network    |               |                         |
| coordination            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 15: FFS            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 16: FFS            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 17: FFS            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 18: The minimum    |               |                         |
| requirements for        |               |                         |
| inter-band CA apply     |               |                         |
| when the maximum power  |               |                         |
| spectral density        |               |                         |
| imbalance between       |               |                         |
| downlink carriers is    |               |                         |
| within 6 dB. The power  |               |                         |
| spectral density        |               |                         |
| imbalance condition     |               |                         |
| also applies for these  |               |                         |
| carriers when           |               |                         |
| applicable CA           |               |                         |
| configuration is a      |               |                         |
| subset of a higher      |               |                         |
| order CA configuration. |               |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+

#### 5.2A.2.2 Inter-band CA (**three bands)**

Table 5.2A.2.2-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (three
bands)

+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| NR CA Band              | NR Band       | DL interruption allowed |
|                         |               |                         |
|                         | (Table 5.2-1) | (Note 4)                |
+=========================+===============+=========================+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28           | n1, n3, n28   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n77           | n1, n3, n77   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n78^3^        | n1, n3, n78   | No for CA\_n1-n78,      |
|                         |               | CA\_n3-n78              |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n78           | n1, n5, n78   | No for CA\_n1-n78,      |
|                         |               | CA\_n5-n78              |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n78^3^        | n1, n8, n78   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n77^3^       | n1, n28, n77  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n78^3^       | n1, n28, n78  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n41-n77^3^       | n1, n41, n77  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n78-n79          | n1, n78, n79  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n48           | n2, n5, n48   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n66           | n2, n5, n66   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n77           | n2, n5, n77   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n66          | n2, n14, n66  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n77          | n2, n14, n77  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48-n66          | n2, n48, n66  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48-n77          | n2, n48, n77  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66-n77          | n2, n66, n77  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n78           | n3, n5, n78   | No for CA\_n3-n78,      |
|                         |               | CA\_n5-n78              |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n78^3^        | n3, n8, n78   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n40^3^       | n3, n28, n40  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n41^3^       | n3, n28, n41  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n77^3^       | n3, n28, n77  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n78^3^       | n3, n28, n78  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n40-n77          | n3, n40, n77  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n41-n77^3^       | n3, n41, n77  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48-n66          | n5, n48, n66  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48-n77          | n5, n48, n77  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n66-n77          | n5, n66, n77  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n14-n66-n77         | n14, n66, n77 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n77         | n25, n66, n77 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n78         | n25, n66, n78 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n26-n66-n70         | n26, n66, n70 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n40-n77         | n28, n40, n77 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41-n77^3^      | n28, n41, n77 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41-n79^3^      | n28, n41, n79 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n66-n70         | n29, n66, n70 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n71         | n41, n66, n71 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n70         | n48, n66, n70 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n71         | n48, n66, n71 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n77         | n48, n66, n77 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n70-n71         | n48, n70, n71 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n70-n71         | n66, n70, n71 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n71-n77         | n66, n71, n77 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n71-n78         | n66, n71, n78 |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| NOTE 1: FFS             |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 2: FFS             |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 3: Applicable for  |               |                         |
| UE supporting           |               |                         |
| inter-band carrier      |               |                         |
| aggregation with        |               |                         |
| mandatory simultaneous  |               |                         |
| Rx/Tx capability.       |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 4: Applicable when |               |                         |
| dynamic Tx switching is |               |                         |
| conducted across 2 UL   |               |                         |
| bands. The DL           |               |                         |
| interruption            |               |                         |
| requirement is          |               |                         |
| specified in clause     |               |                         |
| 8.2.2.2.10 of 38.133    |               |                         |
| \[13\].                 |               |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+

#### 5.2A.2.3 Inter-band CA (**four bands)**

Table 5.2A.2.3-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (four
bands)

+-------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
| NR CA Band                                      | NR Band           |
|                                                 |                   |
|                                                 | (Table 5.2-1)     |
+=================================================+===================+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n78^1^                            | n1, n3, n28, n78  |
+-------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n48-n66                               | n2, n5, n48, n66  |
+-------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n48-n77                               | n2, n5, n48, n77  |
+-------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n66-n77                               | n2, n5, n66, n77  |
+-------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48-n66-n77                              | n2, n48, n66, n77 |
+-------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n40-n77                              | n3, n28, n40, n77 |
+-------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n41-n77                              | n3, n28, n41, n77 |
+-------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48-n66-n77                              | n5, n48, n66, n77 |
+-------------------------------------------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band |                   |
| carrier aggregation with mandatory simultaneous |                   |
| Rx/Tx capability.                               |                   |
+-------------------------------------------------+-------------------+

5.2B Operating bands for DC
---------------------------

The operating bands are specified in clause 5.5B for operation with NR
dual connectivity configured, where all operating bands are within FR1.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a band
combination, the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability also applies
for the band combination when the applicable band combination is a
subset of a higher order band combination.

5.2C Operating band combination for SUL
---------------------------------------

NR operation is designed to operate in the operating band combination
defined in Table 5.2C-1, Table 5.2C-2, Table 5.2C-3 and Table 5.2C-4,
where all operating bands are within FR1.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a band
combination, the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability also applies
for the band combination when the applicable band combination is a
subset of a higher order band combination.

Table 5.2C-1: Operating band combination for SUL in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR Band combination for SUL                         | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| SUL\_n41-n83^2^                                     | n41, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n80^2^                                     | n78, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n81^2^                                     | n78, n81      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n82^2^                                     | n78, n82      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n83^2^                                     | n78, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n84^2^                                     | n78, n84      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n86^2^                                     | n78, n86      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n80^2^                                     | n79, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n81^2^                                     | n79, n81      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n83^2^                                     | n79, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: If a UE is configured with both NR UL and   |               |
| NR SUL carriers in a cell, the switching time       |               |
| between NR UL carrier and NR SUL carrier is 0us.    |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: For UE supporting SUL band combination      |               |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability is mandatory.         |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 3: For release 15 and release 16 UE supporting |               |
| SUL band combination, UL MIMO is not configured on  |               |
| SUL carrier.                                        |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

Table 5.2C-2: Operating SUL band combination with intra-band
non-contiguous CA in FR1

FFS

Table 5.2C-3: Operating SUL band combination with intra-band contiguous
CA in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR Band combination for SUL                         | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| CA\_n41-n83                                         | n41, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78-n80                                         | n78, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78-n84                                         | n78, n84      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n79-n83                                         | n79, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: If a UE is configured with both NR UL and   |               |
| NR SUL carriers in a cell, the switching time       |               |
| between NR UL carrier and NR SUL carrier is 0 us.   |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: For UE supporting SUL band combination      |               |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability is mandatory.         |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

Table 5.2C-4: Operating SUL band combination with inter-band CA in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR Band combination for SUL                         | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n80                                     | n1, n78, n80  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n84                                     | n1, n78, n84  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n3\_n78-n80                                     | n3, n78, n80  |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n28\_n41-n83                                    | n28, n41, n83 |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n28\_n79-n83                                    | n28, n79, n83 |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n83                                    | n41, n79, n83 |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: If a UE is configured with both NR UL and   |               |
| NR SUL carriers in a cell, the switching time       |               |
| between NR UL carrier and NR SUL carrier is 0 us.   |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: For UE supporting SUL band combination      |               |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability is mandatory.         |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

5.2D Operating bands for UL MIMO
--------------------------------

NR is designed to support UL MIMO where all of the operating bands
are in FR1 defined in Table 5.2D-1.

Table 5.2D-1: NR operating bands for UL MIMO in FR1

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| NR operating band                                                    |
+======================================================================+
| n1                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n2                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n3                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n5                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n7                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n8                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n13                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n25                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n26                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n28                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n30^1^                                                               |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n34                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n38                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n39                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n40                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n41                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n46                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n48                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n66                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n70                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n71                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n77                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n78                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n79                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n80                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n81                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n84                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n85                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n95                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n97                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n104                                                                 |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n105                                                                 |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink transmission is not allowed at this band for UE with  |
| external vehicle-mounted antennas.                                   |
|                                                                      |
| NOTE 2: Void.                                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

5.2E Operating band for V2X
---------------------------

### 5.2E.1 V2X operating bands

NR V2X is designed to operate in the operating bands in FR1 defined in
Table 5.2E.1-1.

Table 5.2E.1-1: V2X operating bands in FR1

  -------------------- ------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- ------------- ----------- ---- ---------- ---- -----
  V2X Operating Band   Sidelink (SL) Transmission operating band   Sidelink (SL) Reception operating band   Duplex Mode   Interface                        
                       F~UL\_low~ -- F~UL\_high~                   F~DL\_low~ -- F~DL\_high~                                                               
  n47                  5855 MHz                                    \-                                       5925 MHz      5855 MHz    \-   5925 MHz   HD   PC5
  NOTE 1: Void                                                                                                                                             
  -------------------- ------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- ------------- ----------- ---- ---------- ---- -----

### 5.2E.2 V2X operating bands for concurrent operation

NR V2X operation is designed to operate concurrent with NR
uplink/downlink on the operating bands combinations listed in Table
5.2E.2-1.

Table 5.2E.2-1: Inter-band concurrent V2X operating bands

  V2X concurrent operating Band   NR or V2X Operating Band   Interface
  ------------------------------- -------------------------- -----------
  V2X\_n71-n47                    n71                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5

5.2J Operating band for ATG
---------------------------

NR is designed to support ATG where all of the operating bands are in
FR1 defined in Table 5.2J-1.

Table 5.2J-1: NR operating bands for ATG in FR1

  NR operating band
  -------------------
  n1
  n3
  n34
  n39
  n41
  n78
  n79

5.3 UE channel bandwidth
------------------------

### 5.3.1 General

The UE channel bandwidth supports a single NR RF carrier in the uplink
or downlink at the UE. From a BS perspective, different UE channel
bandwidths may be supported within the same spectrum for transmitting to
and receiving from UEs connected to the BS. Transmission of multiple
carriers to the same UE (CA) or multiple carriers to different UEs
within the BS channel bandwidth can be supported.

From a UE perspective, the UE is configured with one or more BWP /
carriers, each with its own UE channel bandwidth. The UE does not need
to be aware of the BS channel bandwidth or how the BS allocates
bandwidth to different UEs.

The placement of the UE channel bandwidth for each UE carrier is
flexible but can only be completely within the BS channel bandwidth.

The relationship between the channel bandwidth, the guardband and the
maximum transmission bandwidth configuration is shown in Figure 5.3.1-1.

3 MHz channel bandwidth is only applicable for single-carrier operation
in Release 18.

![](./media/image2.emf){width="6.041666666666667in" height="3.0in"}

Figure 5.3.1-1: Definition of the channel bandwidth and the maximum
transmission bandwidth configuration for one NR channel

### 5.3.2 Maximum transmission bandwidth configuration

The maximum transmission bandwidth configuration N~RB~ for each UE
channel bandwidth and subcarrier spacing is specified in Table 5.3.2-1.

Table 5.3.2-1: Maximum transmission bandwidth configuration N~RB~

  ----------- ------- ------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ---------
  SCS (kHz)   3 MHz   5 MHz   10 MHz   15 MHz   20 MHz   25 MHz   30 MHz   35 MHz   40 MHz   45 MHz   50 MHz   60 MHz   70 MHz   80 MHz   90 MHz   100 MHz
              N~RB~   N~RB~   N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~    N~RB~
  15          15      25      52       79       106      133      160      188      216      242      270      N/A      N/A      N/A      N/A      N/A
  30          N/A     11      24       38       51       65       78       92       106      119      133      162      189      217      245      273
  60          N/A     N/A     11       18       24       31       38       44       51       58       65       79       93       107      121      135
  ----------- ------- ------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ---------

### 5.3.3 Minimum guard band and transmission bandwidth configuration

The minimum guard band for each UE channel bandwidth and SCS is
specified in Table 5.3.3-1.

Table 5.3.3-1: Minimum guard band for each UE channel bandwidth and SCS
(kHz)

  ----------- ------- ------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ---------
  SCS (kHz)   3 MHz   5 MHz   10 MHz   15 MHz   20 MHz   25 MHz   30 MHz   35 MHz   40 MHz   45 MHz   50 MHz   60 MHz   70 MHz   80 MHz   90 MHz   100 MHz
  15          142.5   242.5   312.5    382.5    452.5    522.5    592.5    572.5    552.5    712.5    692.5    N/A      N/A      N/A      N/A      N/A
  30          N/A     505     665      645      805      785      945      925      905      1065     1045     825      965      925      885      845
  60          N/A     N/A     1010     990      1330     1310     1290     1630     1610     1590     1570     1530     1490     1450     1410     1370
  ----------- ------- ------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ---------

NOTE: The minimum guard bands have been calculated using the following
equation: GB~channel~ = (BW~channel~ x 1000 (kHz) - N~RB~ x SCS x 12) /
2 - SCS/2, where N~RB~ are from Table 5.3.2-1 and GB~channel~ expressed
in kHz.

Figure 5.3.3-1: Void

The number of RBs configured in any channel bandwidth shall ensure that
the minimum guard band specified in this clause is met.

![](./media/image3.png){width="4.1875in" height="2.28125in"}

Figure 5.3.3-2: UE PRB utilization

In the case that multiple numerologies are multiplexed in the same
symbol due to BS transmission of SSB, the minimum guard band on each
side of the carrier is the guard band applied at the configured channel
bandwidth for the numerology that is received immediately adjacent to
the guard.

If multiple numerologies are multiplexed in the same symbol and the UE
channel bandwidth is \>50 MHz, the minimum guardband applied adjacent to
15 kHz SCS shall be the same as the minimum guardband defined for 30 kHz
SCS for the same UE channel bandwidth.

![](./media/image4.png){width="4.5625in" height="1.8958333333333333in"}

Figure 5.3.3-3: Guard band definition when transmitting multiple
numerologies

NOTE: Figure 5.3.3-3 is not intended to imply the size of any guard
between the two numerologies. Inter-numerology guard band within the
carrier is implementation dependent.

\[For a UE supporting wideband operation\], the nominal intra-cell guard
bands and the corresponding sizes of the RB sets separated by the said
guard bands are as specified in Table 5.3.3-2 for each UE channel
bandwidth and sub-carrier spacing for the downlink and uplink. The
nominal intra-cell guard bands in Table 5.3.3-2 are applicable when the
respective IE *intraCellGuardBandsUL-List* and
*intraCellGuardBandsDL-List* \[6\] for the uplink and downlink are not
provided, as specified in \[12\] clause 7.

Table 5.3.3-2: Nominal intra-cell guard bands for wideband operation

+-------------------+-----------+--------------+-------------------+
| SCS               | 40 MHz    | 60 MHz       | 80 MHz            |
|                   |           |              |                   |
| (kHz)             |           |              |                   |
+-------------------+-----------+--------------+-------------------+
| 15                | 105-6-105 | N/A          | N/A               |
|                   |           |              |                   |
|                   | \(216\)   |              |                   |
+-------------------+-----------+--------------+-------------------+
| 30                | 50-6-50   | 50-6-50-6-50 | 50-6-50-5-50-6-50 |
|                   |           |              |                   |
|                   | \(106\)   | \(162\)      | \(217\)           |
+-------------------+-----------+--------------+-------------------+
| 60                | 23-5-23   | 23-5-23-5-23 | 23-5-23-5-23-5-23 |
|                   |           |              |                   |
|                   | \(51\)    | \(79\)       | \(107\)           |
+-------------------+-----------+--------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: The       |           |              |                   |
| intra-cell guard  |           |              |                   |
| band is denoted   |           |              |                   |
| TBW~0~-GB~0~-     |           |              |                   |
| ...-GB~N\_RBset-2 |           |              |                   |
| ~-TBW~N\_RBset-1~ |           |              |                   |
| for N\_RBset \> 1 |           |              |                   |
| number of RB-sets |           |              |                   |
| with TBW*~r~* the |           |              |                   |
| maximum           |           |              |                   |
| transmission      |           |              |                   |
| bandwidth (PRB)   |           |              |                   |
| of RB-set *r* and |           |              |                   |
| GB*~r~* the guard |           |              |                   |
| band (PRB) above  |           |              |                   |
| the upper edge of |           |              |                   |
| RB-set *r*. The   |           |              |                   |
| RB-set 0 is       |           |              |                   |
| starting at the   |           |              |                   |
| first common      |           |              |                   |
| resource block    |           |              |                   |
| (CRB) of the      |           |              |                   |
| carrier as        |           |              |                   |
| indicated by      |           |              |                   |
| *                 |           |              |                   |
| offsetToCarrier*. |           |              |                   |
| The total         |           |              |                   |
| transmission      |           |              |                   |
| bandwidth         |           |              |                   |
| configuration     |           |              |                   |
| (size of resource |           |              |                   |
| grid) including   |           |              |                   |
| guard bands is    |           |              |                   |
| given in between  |           |              |                   |
| parentheses.      |           |              |                   |
+-------------------+-----------+--------------+-------------------+

For a UE that supports shared spectrum channel access, there are no
uplink or downlink intra-cell guard bands for operation with 10 MHz and
20 MHz channel bandwidths; the maximum transmission bandwidth
configurations for these channel bandwidths are in accordance with
clause 5.3.2.

For each UE channel bandwidth and sub-carrier spacing given by Table
5.3.3-2, the maximum transmission bandwidth configuration of the carrier
including intra-cell guard bands, if configured for the uplink and
downlink by the respective IE *intraCellGuardBandsUL-List* and
*intraCellGuardBandsDL-List* \[6\], and corresponding RB-set(s) shall be
in accordance with clause 5.3.2 with a minimum inter-cell guard band of
the UE channel bandwidth as specified in Table 5.3.3-1 for the uplink
and downlink. Minimum requirements specified for wideband operation in
Clause 6 and Clause 7 also apply for intra-cell guard bands larger than
the nominal sizes in Table 5.3.3-2 as listed in Table 5.3.3-3 for each
sub-carrier spacing; each guard band in order of CRB index must be
larger than or equal to the corresponding nominal guard band specified
in Table 5.3.3-2 for each channel bandwidth.

Table 5.3.3-3: Applicable intra-cell guard bands for wideband operation

  ----------------------------------------- ------ --------- ----------
  Parameter                                 Unit   SCS       
                                                   15 kHz    30 kHz
  Intra-cell guard band (size)              PRB    6,7       5,6,7
  Transmission bandwidth (size) of RB-set   PRB    104,105   49,50,51
  ----------------------------------------- ------ --------- ----------

If the UE is configured with zero width intra-cell guard bands for the
uplink and downlink by the IE *intraCellGuardBandsUL-List* and
*intraCellGuardBandsDL-List* \[6\] on a carrier greater than 20 MHz, the
maximum transmission bandwidth configuration for the uplink and downlink
shall be in accordance with clause 5.3.2 with a minimum inter-cell guard
band of the UE channel bandwidth as specified in Table 5.3.3-1.

### 5.3.4 RB alignment

For each numerology, its common resource blocks are specified in Clause
4.4.4.3 in TS 38.211 \[8\], and the starting point of its transmission
bandwidth configuration on the common resource block grid for a given
channel bandwidth is indicated by an offset to "Reference point A" in
the unit of the numerology. The *UE transmission bandwidth*
*configuration* is indicated by the higher layer parameter
*carrierBandwidth* \[6\] and will fulfil the minimum UE guard band
requirement specified in Clause 5.3.3.

### 5.3.5 UE channel bandwidth per operating band 

The requirements in this specification apply to the combination of
channel bandwidths, SCS and operating bands shown in Table 5.3.5-1. The
transmission bandwidth configuration in Table 5.3.2-1 shall be supported
for each of the specified channel bandwidths. The channel bandwidths are
specified for both the TX and RX path.

Table 5.3.5-1: Channel Bandwidths for each NR band

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>NR Band</th>
<th><p>SCS</p>
<p>(kHz)</p></th>
<th>UE Channel bandwidth (MHz)</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>40<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>45<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>40<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>45<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>40<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>45<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n7</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n8</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3,14</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3,14</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>3,12</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3,14</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3,14</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>3,12</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n12</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n13</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n14<sup>11</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n18</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n24</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n25</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>40<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>45<sup>3,12</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>40<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>45<sup>3,12</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>12</sup></td>
<td>40<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>45<sup>3,12</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n26</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3<sup>14</sup></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n28</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3<sup>14</sup></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>9</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>30<sup>6,9</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>9</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>30<sup>6,9</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n29</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n31</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n34</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n38<sup>11</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n39</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n41</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5<sup>12,17</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n46</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>7</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>7</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>7</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n47<sup>11</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n48</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>8</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>60<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>70<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>80<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>90<sup>8,10</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>8</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>60<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>70<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>80<sup>8</sup></td>
<td>90<sup>8,10</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>8</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n51</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n53</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n54</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n65</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n66</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n70</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n71</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>15, 16</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>15, 16</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>12,15, 16</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>15, 16</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>15, 16</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>12,15, 16</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n72</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n74</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n75</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n76</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n79<sup>11</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n80</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n81</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n82</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n83</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>9</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>30<sup>9</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>9</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>30<sup>9</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n84</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n85</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3<sup>14</sup></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n86</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n91</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10<sup>13</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n92</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n93</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10<sup>13</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n94</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n95</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n96</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n97</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n98</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n99</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n100</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3<sup>14</sup></td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n101</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n104</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n105</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n106</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>3</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n109</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to downlink.</p>
<p>NOTE 4: For test configuration tables from the transmitter and receiver tests in Section 6 and 7 that refer to this table for test SCS, the Lowest SCS refers to lowest supported SCS per channel bandwidth, Highest SCS refers to highest supported SCS per channel bandwidth.</p>
<p>NOTE 5: For test configuration tables from the transmitter and receiver tests in Section 6 and 7 that refer to this table and list and list the test SCS as Mid or any other value; if that value is not supported by the UE in UL and/or DL, select the closest SCS supported by the UE in both UL and DL.</p>
<p>NOTE 6: This UE channel bandwidth is optional in R15.</p>
<p>NOTE 7: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as an SCell part of DC or CA configuration.</p>
<p>NOTE 8: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as a downlink SCell part of CA configuration.</p>
<p>NOTE 9: For the 20 MHz bandwidth, the minimum requirements are specified for NR UL carrier frequencies confined to either 713-723 MHz or 728-738 MHz. For the 30MHz bandwidth, the minimum requirements are specified for NR UL transmission bandwidth configuration confined to either 703-733 or 718-748 MHz.</p>
<p>NOTE 10: This UE channel bandwidth is optional in R16.</p>
<p>NOTE 11: For this band, UE channel bandwidths which are applicable to sidelink operation are specified in Table 5.3E.1-1.</p>
<p>NOTE 12: This UE channel bandwidth is optional in R17.</p>
<p>NOTE 13: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to uplink.</p>
<p>NOTE 14: This UE channel bandwidth is optional in R18.</p>
<p>NOTE 15: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to downlink in R17.</p>
<p>NOTE 16: This UE channel bandwidth is optional for uplink in R18.</p>
<p>NOTE 17: Not all frequency positions of 5 MHz carriers are possible due limitations of the SSB position relative to the 5 MHz channels. 5 MHz channels with F<sub>c</sub> such that 2499+N*1.2 ≤F<sub>c</sub>&lt;2499.3+N*1.2MHz for 0≤N&lt;157 are not compatible with SSB positions and cannot be used for 5 MHz n41.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 5.3.6 Asymmetric channel bandwidths

The UE channel bandwidth can be asymmetric in downlink and uplink. In
asymmetric channel bandwidth operation, the narrower carrier shall be
confined within the frequency range of the wider channel bandwidth.

In FDD, the confinement is defined as a maximum deviation to the default
Tx-Rx carrier centre frequency separation (defined in Table 5.4.4-1) as
following:

ΔF~TX-RX~ = \| (BW~DL~ -- BW~UL~)/2 \|

The operating bands and supported asymmetric channel bandwidth
combinations are defined in Table 5.3.6-1.

Table 5.3.6-1: FDD asymmetric UL and DL channel bandwidth combinations

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR Band        | Channel        | Channel        | Asymmetric     |
|                | bandwidths for | bandwidths for | channel        |
|                | UL (MHz)       | DL (MHz)       | bandwidth      |
|                |                |                | combination    |
|                |                |                | set            |
+================+================+================+================+
| n5             | 20             | 25             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n8             | 20             | 35             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n24            | 10             | 5              | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n25            | 40             | 45             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n66            | 5, 10          | 20, 40         | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20             | 40             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 5, 10          | 20, 25, 30, 40 | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20, 25, 30     | 40             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n70            | 5,10           | 15             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 5, 10, 15      | 20, 25         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n71            | 5              | 10             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 15             | 20             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20             | 25, 30, 35     | 2              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n91^1^         | 10             | 5              | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n92^1^         | 5              | 10, 15, 20     | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15, 20         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n93^1^         | 10             | 5              | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n94^1^         | 5              | 10, 15, 20     | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15, 20         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n105           | 20             | 25, 30, 35     | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n109^1^        | 5              | 10, 15, 20,    | 0              |
|                |                | 25, 30, 40, 50 |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15, 20, 25,    |                |
|                |                | 30, 40, 50     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 15             | 20, 25, 30,    |                |
|                |                | 40, 50         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20             | 25, 30, 40, 50 |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 25             | 30, 40, 50     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30             | 40, 50         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The    |                |                |                |
| assignment of  |                |                |                |
| the paired UL  |                |                |                |
| and DL         |                |                |                |
| channels are   |                |                |                |
| subject to a   |                |                |                |
| TX-RX          |                |                |                |
| separation as  |                |                |                |
| specified in   |                |                |                |
| clause 5.4.4.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: As     |                |                |                |
| indicated in   |                |                |                |
| TS38.306       |                |                |                |
| \[26\], it is  |                |                |                |
| mandatory for  |                |                |                |
| UEs to support |                |                |                |
| asymmetric     |                |                |                |
| channel BCS0   |                |                |                |
| if there is an |                |                |                |
| asymmetric     |                |                |                |
| BCS0 defined   |                |                |                |
| for the band.  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

In TDD, the operating bands and supported asymmetric channel bandwidth
combinations are defined in Table 5.3.6-2.

Table 5.3.6-2: TDD asymmetric UL and DL channel bandwidth combinations

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NR Band              | Channel bandwidths   | Channel bandwidths   |
|                      | for UL (MHz)         | for DL (MHz)         |
+======================+======================+======================+
| n50                  | 60                   | 80                   |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| NOTE 1: Both centre  |                      |                      |
| frequency and BWP-ID |                      |                      |
| shall match between  |                      |                      |
| DL and UL carriers   |                      |                      |
| as defined in TS     |                      |                      |
| 38.331 \[6\] cl.     |                      |                      |
| 6.3.2 and TS 38.213  |                      |                      |
| \[9\] clause 12.     |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| NOTE 2: In a case a  |                      |                      |
| UE is configured     |                      |                      |
| with a full width of |                      |                      |
| BWP within both UL/  |                      |                      |
| DL channels, the     |                      |                      |
| centre frequency of  |                      |                      |
| UL/ DL channels      |                      |                      |
| shall be same.       |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| NOTE 3: A position   |                      |                      |
| of Point A is common |                      |                      |
| between UL and DL    |                      |                      |
| carriers as defined  |                      |                      |
| in TS 38.331 \[6\]   |                      |                      |
| cl. 6.3.2.           |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

5.3A UE channel bandwidth for CA
--------------------------------

### 5.3A.1 General

Figure 5.3A.1-1: Void

Figure 5.3A.1-2: Void

### 5.3A.2 Maximum transmission bandwidth configuration for CA 

For carrier aggregation, the maximum transmission bandwidth
configuration is defined per component carrier and the requirement is
specified in subclause 5.3.2.

### 5.3A.3 Minimum guard band and transmission bandwidth configuration for CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, *Aggregated Channel
Bandwidth* and *Guard Bands* are defined as follows, see Figure
5.3A.3-1.

![](./media/image5.emf){width="6.6930555555555555in"
height="3.295138888888889in"}

Figure 5.3A.3-1: Definition of *Aggregated Channel Bandwidth* for
intra-band carrier aggregation

The *aggregated channel bandwidth,* **BW~Channel\_CA~**, is defined as

BW~Channel\_CA~ = F~edge,high~ - F~edge,low~ (MHz).

The lower bandwidth edge F~edge,\ low~ and the upper bandwidth edge
F~edge,high~ of the aggregated channel bandwidth are used as frequency
reference points for transmitter and receiver requirements and are
defined by

F~edge,low~ = F~C,low~ - F~offset,low~

F~edge,high~ = F~C,high~ + F~offset,high~

The lower and upper frequency offsets depend on the transmission
bandwidth configurations of the lowest and highest assigned edge
component carrier and are defined as

F~offset,low~ = (N~RB,low~\*12 + 1)\*SCS~low~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

F~offset,high~ = (N~RB,high~\*12 - 1)\*SCS~high~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

BW~GB~ = max(BW~GB,Channel(k)~)

N~RB,low~ and N~RB,high~ are the transmission bandwidth configurations
according to Table 5.3.2-1 for the lowest and highest assigned component
carrier, SCS~low~ and SCS~high~ are the sub-carrier spacing for the
lowest and highest assigned component carrier respectively. SCS~low~,
SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ use the largest
μ value among the subcarrier spacing configurations supported in the
operating band for both of the channel bandwidths according to Table
5.3.5-1 and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ is the minimum guard band for carrier k
according to Table 5.3.3-1 for the said *μ* value. In case there is no
common μ value for both of the channel bandwidths, *μ*=1 is used for
SCS~low~, SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, and BW~GB,Channel(k)~.

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation *Sub-block Bandwidth*
and *Sub-block edges* are defined as follows, see Figure 5.3A.3-2.

Figure 5.3A.3-2: Definition of sub-block bandwidth for intra-band
non-contiguous spectrum

The lower sub-block edge of the Sub-block Bandwidth (BW~Channel,block~)
is defined as

F~edge,block,\ low~ = F~C,block,low~ - F~offset,\ low.~

The upper sub-block edge of the Sub-block Bandwidth is defined as

F~edge,block,high~ = F~C,block,high~ + F~offset,high.~

The Sub-block Bandwidth, BW~Channel,block~, is defined as follows:

BW~Channel,block~ = F~edge,block,high\ -~ F~edge,block,low~ (MHz)

The lower and upper frequency offsets F~offset,block,low~ and
F~offset,block,high~ depend on the transmission bandwidth configurations
of the lowest and highest assigned edge component carriers within a
sub-block and are defined as

F~offset,block,low~ = (N~RB,low~\*12 + 1)\*SCS~low~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

F~offset,block,high~ = (N~RB,high~\*12 - 1)\*SCS~high~/2 + BW~GB~(MHz)

BW~GB~ = max(BW~GB,Channel(k)~)

where N~RB,low~ and N~RB,high~ are the transmission bandwidth
configurations according to Table 5.3.2-1 for the lowest and highest
assigned component carrier within a sub-block, respectively. SCS~low~
and SCS~high~ are the sub-carrier spacing for the lowest and highest
assigned component carrier within a sub-block, respectively. SCS~low~,
SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ use the largest
μ value among the subcarrier spacing configurations supported in the
operating band for both of the channel bandwidths according to Table
5.3.5-1 and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ is the minimum guard band for carrier k
according to Table 5.3.3-1 for the said *μ* value. In case there is no
common μ value for both of the channel bandwidths, *μ*=1 is used for
SCS~low~, SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, and BW~GB,Channel(k)~.

The sub-block gap size between two consecutive sub-blocks W~gap~ is
defined as

W~gap~ = F~edge,block\ n+1,low\ -~ F~edge,block\ n,high~ (MHz)

### 5.3A.4 Void

### 5.3A.5 UE channel bandwidth per operating band for CA

The requirements for carrier aggregation in this specification are
defined for carrier aggregation configurations.

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, a carrier aggregation
configuration is a single operating band supporting a carrier
aggregation bandwidth class with associated bandwidth combination sets
specified in clause 5.5A.1. For each carrier aggregation configuration,
requirements are specified for all aggregated channel bandwidths
contained in a bandwidth combination set, a UE can indicate support of
several bandwidth combination sets per carrier aggregation
configuration. For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation, a
carrier aggregation configuration is a single operating band supporting
two or more sub-blocks, each supporting a carrier aggregation bandwidth
class.

For intra-band non-contiguous uplink carrier aggregation, frequency
separation class (Fs) specified in Table 5.3A.5-2 indicates the maximum
frequency span between lower edge of lowest component carrier and upper
edge of highest component carrier that UE can support per band
combination in uplink in non-contiguous intra-band operation when the
signalling is absent for dualPA-Architecture IE.

For inter-band carrier aggregation, a carrier aggregation configuration
is a combination of operating bands, each supporting a carrier
aggregation bandwidth class.

Table 5.3A.5-1: NR CA bandwidth classes

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR CA          | Aggregated     | Number of      | Fallback group |
| bandwidth      | channel        | contiguous CC  |                |
| class          | bandwidth      |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| A              | BW~Channel~ ≤  | 1              | 1, 2, 3^4^     |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| B              | 20 MHz ≤       | 2              | 2, 3^4^        |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 100 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| C              | 100 MHz \<     | 2              | 1, 3^4^        |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 2 x          |                |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | 200 MHz \<     | 3              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 3 x          |                |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| E              | 300 MHz \<     | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 4 x          |                |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| G              | 100 MHz \<     | 3              | 2              |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 150 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| H              | 150 MHz \<     | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 200 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| I              | 200 MHz \<     | 5              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 250 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| J              | 250 MHz \<     | 6              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 300 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| K              | 300 MHz \<     | 7              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 350 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| L              | 350 MHz \<     | 8              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 400 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| M^3^           | 50 MHz ≤       | 3              | 3^4^           |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 200 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| N^3^           | 80 MHz ≤       | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 300 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| O^3^           | 100 MHz ≤      | 5              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 400 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1:        |                |                |                |
| B              |                |                |                |
| W~Channel,max~ |                |                |                |
| is maximum     |                |                |                |
| channel        |                |                |                |
| bandwidth      |                |                |                |
| supported      |                |                |                |
| among all      |                |                |                |
| bands in a     |                |                |                |
| release        |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: It is  |                |                |                |
| mandatory for  |                |                |                |
| a UE to be     |                |                |                |
| able to        |                |                |                |
| fallback to    |                |                |                |
| lower order NR |                |                |                |
| CA bandwidth   |                |                |                |
| class          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| within a       |                |                |                |
| fallback       |                |                |                |
| group. It is   |                |                |                |
| not mandatory  |                |                |                |
| for a UE to be |                |                |                |
| able to        |                |                |                |
| fallback to    |                |                |                |
| lower order NA |                |                |                |
| CA bandwidth   |                |                |                |
| class          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| that belong to |                |                |                |
| a different    |                |                |                |
| fallback       |                |                |                |
| group.         |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: This   |                |                |                |
| bandwidth      |                |                |                |
| class is only  |                |                |                |
| applicable to  |                |                |                |
| bands          |                |                |                |
| identified for |                |                |                |
| use with       |                |                |                |
| shared         |                |                |                |
| spectrum       |                |                |                |
| channel access |                |                |                |
| in Table       |                |                |                |
| 5.2-1.         |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 4:        |                |                |                |
| Fallback group |                |                |                |
| 3 is only      |                |                |                |
| applicable to  |                |                |                |
| bands          |                |                |                |
| identified for |                |                |                |
| use with       |                |                |                |
| shared         |                |                |                |
| spectrum       |                |                |                |
| channel access |                |                |                |
| in Table       |                |                |                |
| 5.2-1.         |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.3A.5-2: NR intra-band non-contiguous UL CA frequency separation
classes

  NR NC CA frequency separation class   Maximum allowed frequency separation
  ------------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  I                                     100 MHz
  II                                    200 MHz
  III                                   \[600MHz\]

5.3E Channel bandwidth for V2X
------------------------------

### 5.3E.1 General

NR V2X operation channel bandwidths for each operating band are
specified in Table 5.3E.1-1 in subclause 5.3E.1. The same (symmetrical)
channel bandwidth is specified for both the transmission and reception
path. The maximum channel bandwidth for SL operation in licensed band is
40MHz.

Table 5.3E.1-1: NR V2X operation channel bandwidths for each operating
band

+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| NR band / SCS / UE Channel bandwidth (MHz) |       |   |    |    |    |    |
+============================================+=======+===+====+====+====+====+
| NR Band                                    | SCS   | 5 | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
|                                            |       |   |    |    |    |    |
|                                            | (kHz) |   |    |    |    |    |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| n47                                        | 15    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 30    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 60    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+

### 5.3E.2 Channel bandwidth for V2X concurrent operation

For NR V2X inter-band concurrent operation in FR1, the NR V2X channel
bandwidths for each operating band are specified in Table 5.3E.2-1.

Table 5.3E.2-1: Inter-band concurrent V2X configurations

  NR V2X inter-band concurrent operating configuration                             NR Band   Interface   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)   Bandwidth combination set
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ----------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
  V2X\_n71A-n47A                                                                   n71       Uu          5, 10, 15, 20                      0
                                                                                   n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                     
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                            

5.3I Channel bandwidth for (e)RedCap
------------------------------------

The requirements in this specification apply to the combination of
channel bandwidths, SCS and operating bands shown in Table 5.3.5-1 with
maximum channel bandwidth of 20MHz. The transmission bandwidth
configuration in Table 5.3.2-1 shall be supported for each of the
specified channel bandwidths up to 20 MHz. When UE supports IE
*supportOfERedCap-r18* and does not support IE
*eRedCapNotReducedBB-BW-r18* the requirements in this specification
apply with maximum transmission bandwidth of 25RBs for 15 kHz SCS and 12
RBs for 30 kHz SCS for PDSCH and PUSCH. The channel bandwidths are
specified for both the TX and RX path.

3MHz channel bandwidth is not applicable for (e)RedCap UE in Release 18.

5.4 Channel arrangement
-----------------------

### 5.4.1 Channel spacing

#### 5.4.1.1 Channel spacing for adjacent NR carriers

The spacing between carriers will depend on the deployment scenario, the
size of the frequency block available and the channel bandwidths. The
nominal channel spacing between two adjacent NR carriers is defined as
following:

\- For NR operating bands with 100 kHz channel raster,

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~Channel(1)~ + BW~Channel(2)~)/2

\- For NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster,

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~Channel(1)~ + BW~Channel(2)~)/2+{-5kHz,
0kHz, 5kHz}} for ∆F~Raster~ equals 15 kHz

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~Channel(1)~ + BW~Channel(2)~)/2+{-10 kHz,
0 kHz, 10 kHz} for ∆F~Raster~ equals 30 kHz

where BW~Channel(1)~ and BW~Channel(2)~ are the channel bandwidths of
the two respective NR carriers. The channel spacing can be adjusted
depending on the channel raster to optimize performance in a particular
deployment scenario.

### 5.4.2 Channel raster

#### 5.4.2.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster

The global frequency channel raster defines a set of RF reference
frequencies F~REF.~ The RF reference frequency is used in signalling to
identify the position of RF channels, SS blocks and other elements.

The global frequency raster is defined for all frequencies from 0 to 100
GHz. The granularity of the global frequency raster is ΔF~Global~.

RF reference frequencies are designated by an NR Absolute Radio
Frequency Channel Number (NR-ARFCN) in the range (0...2016666) on the
global frequency raster. The relation between the NR-ARFCN and the RF
reference frequency F~REF~ in MHz is given by the following equation,
where F~REF-Offs~ and N~Ref-Offs~ are given in Table 5.4.2.1-1 and
N~REF~ is the NR-ARFCN.

F~REF~ = F~REF-Offs~ + ΔF~Global~ (N~REF~ -- N~REF-Offs~)

Table 5.4.2.1-1: NR-ARFCN parameters for the global frequency raster

  Frequency range (MHz)   ΔF~Global~ (kHz)   F~REF-Offs~ (MHz)   N~REF-Offs~   Range of N~REF~
  ----------------------- ------------------ ------------------- ------------- -------------------
  0 -- 3000               5                  0                   0             0 -- 599999
  3000 -- 24250           15                 3000                600000        600000 -- 2016666

The channel raster defines a subset of RF reference frequencies that can
be used to identify the RF channel position in the uplink and downlink.
The RF reference frequency for an RF channel maps to a resource element
on the carrier. For each operating band, a subset of frequencies from
the global frequency raster are applicable for that band and forms a
channel raster with a granularity ΔF~Raster~, which may be equal to or
larger than ΔF~Global~.

For SUL bands expect n95, n97, n98 bands and for the uplink of all FDD
bands defined in Table 5.2-1, and for TDD bands n34, n39, n48, n90, n38
and n40.

F~REF,\ shift~ = F~REF~ + Δ~shift~, Δ~shift~=0kHz or 7.5 kHz.

where Δ~shift~ is signalled by the network in higher layer parameter
frequencyShift7p5khz \[6\]. For Band n34, n38, n39, n40, n48,
F~REF,\ shift~ is only applicable to uplink transmissions using a 15 kHz
SCS.

The mapping between the channel raster and corresponding resource
element is given in Section 5.4.2.2. The applicable entries for each
operating band are defined in Section 5.4.2.3

#### 5.4.2.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping

The mapping between the RF reference frequency on the channel raster and
the corresponding resource element is given in Table 5.4.2.2-1 and can
be used to identify the RF channel position. The mapping depends on the
total number of RBs that are allocated in the channel and applies to
both UL and DL. The mapping must apply to at least one numerology
supported by the UE.

Table 5.4.2.2-1: Channel raster to resource element mapping

  -------------------------------- --------------- ---------------
                                   N~RB~mod2 = 0   N~RB~mod2 = 1
  Resource element index           0               6
  Physical resource block number                   
  -------------------------------- --------------- ---------------

, *n~PRB~*, *N~RB~* are as defined in TS 38.211\[8\].

#### 5.4.2.3 Channel raster entries for each operating band

The RF channel positions on the channel raster in each NR operating band
are given through the applicable NR-ARFCN in Table 5.4.2.3-1, using the
channel raster to resource element mapping in subclause 5.4.2.2.

For NR operating bands with 100 kHz channel raster, ΔF~Raster~ = 20 ×
ΔF~Global~. In this case every 20^th^ NR-ARFCN within the operating band
are applicable for the channel raster within the operating band and the
step size for the channel raster in Table 5.4.2.3-1 is given as \<20\>.

For NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster below 3GHz, ΔF~Raster~
= *I* × ΔF~Global~, where *I ϵ {3,6}*. Every *I^th^* NR‑ARFCN within the
operating band are applicable for the channel raster within the
operating band and the step size for the channel raster in
Table 5.4.2.3‑1 is given as \< *I* \>.

For NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster above 3GHz, ΔF~Raster~
= *I* × ΔF~Global~, where *I ϵ {1,2}.* Every *I^th^* NR‑ARFCN within the
operating band are applicable for the channel raster within the
operating band and the step size for the channel raster in
table 5.4.2.3-1 is given as \<*I*\>.

In frequency bands with two or more ΔF~Raster~: For 15 kHz and 30 kHz
channel raster,the higher ΔF~Raster~ applies to channels using only the
SCS that is equals to or larger than the higher ΔF~Raster~ and SSB SCS
is equal to the higher ∆F~Raster~.

Table 5.4.2.3-1: Applicable NR-ARFCN per operating band

+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| NR operating    | ΔF~Raster~ | Uplink          | Downlink        |
| band            |            |                 |                 |
|                 | (kHz)      | Range of N~REF~ | Range of N~REF~ |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            | (First --       | (First --       |
|                 |            | \<Step size\>   | \<Step size\>   |
|                 |            | -- Last)        | -- Last)        |
+=================+============+=================+=================+
| n1              | 100        | 384000 --       | 422000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 396000          | 434000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n2              | 100        | 370000 --       | 386000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 382000          | 398000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n3              | 100        | 342000 --       | 361000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 357000          | 376000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n5              | 100        | 164800 --       | 173800 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 169800          | 178800          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n7              | 100        | 500000 --       | 524000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 514000          | 538000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n8              | 100        | 176000 --       | 185000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 183000          | 192000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n12             | 100        | 139800 --       | 145800 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 143200          | 149200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n13             | 100        | 155400 --       | 149200 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 157400          | 151200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n14             | 100        | 157600 --       | 151600 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 159600          | 153600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n20             | 100        | 166400 --       | 158200 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 172400          | 164200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n24             | 100        | 325300 --       | 305000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 332100          | 311800          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n25             | 100        | 370000 --       | 386000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 383000          | 399000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n26             | 100        | 162800 --       | 171800 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 169800          | 178800          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n28             | 100        | 140600 --       | 151600 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 149600          | 160600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n29             | 100        | N/A             | 143400 --       |
|                 |            |                 | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            |                 | 145600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n30             | 100        | 461000 --       | 470000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 463000          | 472000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n31             | 100        | 90500 -- \<20\> | 92500 -- \<20\> |
|                 |            | -- 91500        | -- 93500        |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n34             | 100        | 402000 --       | 402000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 405000          | 405000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n38             | 100        | 514000 --       | 514000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 524000          | 524000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n39             | 100        | 376000 --       | 376000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 384000          | 384000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n40             | 100        | 460000 --       | 460000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 480000          | 480000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n41             | 15         | 499200 -- \<3\> | 499200 -- \<3\> |
|                 |            | -- 537999       | -- 537999       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 499200 -- \<6\> | 499200 -- \<6\> |
|                 |            | -- 537996       | -- 537996       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n46^2^          | 15         | 743334 -- \<1\> | 743334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 795000       | -- 795000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n47             | 15         | 790334 -- \<1\> | 790334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 795000       | -- 795000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n48             | 15         | 636667 -- \<1\> | 636667 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 646666       | -- 646666       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 636668 -- \<2\> | 636668 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 646666       | -- 646666       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n50             | 100        | 286400 --       | 286400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 303400          | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n51             | 100        | 285400 --       | 285400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 286400          | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n53             | 100        | 496700 --       | 496700 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 499000          | 499000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n54             | 100        | 334000 --       | 334000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 335000          | 335000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n65             | 100        | 384000 --       | 422000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 402000          | 440000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n66             | 100        | 342000 --       | 422000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 356000          | 440000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n70             | 100        | 339000 --       | 399000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 342000          | 404000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n71             | 100        | 132600 --       | 123400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 139600          | 130400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n72             | 100        | 90200 -- \<20\> | 92200 -- \<20\> |
|                 |            | -- 91200        | -- 93200        |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n75             | 100        | N/A             | 286400 --       |
|                 |            |                 | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            |                 | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n76             | 100        | N/A             | 285400 --       |
|                 |            |                 | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            |                 | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n77             | 15         | 620000 -- \<1\> | 620000 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 680000       | -- 680000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 620000 -- \<2\> | 620000 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 680000       | -- 680000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n78             | 15         | 620000 -- \<1\> | 620000 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 653333       | -- 653333       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 620000 -- \<2\> | 620000 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 653332       | -- 653332       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n79             | 15         | 693334 -- \<1\> | 693334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 733333       | -- 733333       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 693334 -- \<2\> | 693334 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 733332       | -- 733332       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n80             | 100        | 342000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 357000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n81             | 100        | 176000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 183000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n82             | 100        | 166400 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 172400          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n83             | 100        | 140600 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --149600 |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n84             | 100        | 384000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 396000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n85             | 100        | 139600 --       | 145600 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 143200          | 149200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n86             | 100        | 342000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 356000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n91             | 100        | 166400 --       | 285400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 172400          | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n92             | 100        | 166400 --       | 286400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 172400          | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n93             | 100        | 176000 --       | 285400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 183000          | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n94             | 100        | 176000 --       | 286400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 183000          | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n95             | 100        | 402000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 405000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n96^3^          | 15         | 795000 -- \<1\> | 795000 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 875000       | -- 875000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n97             | 100        | 460000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 480000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n98             | 100        | 376000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 384000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n99             | 100        | 325300 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 332100          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n100            | 100        | 174880 --       | 183880 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 176000          | 185000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n101            | 100        | 380000 --       | 380000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 382000          | 382000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n104            | 15         | 828334 -- \<1\> | 828334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 875000       | -- 875000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 828334 -- \<2\> | 828334 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 875000       | -- 875000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n105            | 100        | 132600 --       | 122400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 140600          | 130400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n106^4^         | 100        | 179200 --       | 187000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 180200          | 188000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n109            | 100        | 140600 --       | 286400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 146600          | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| NOTE 1: The     |            |                 |                 |
| channel numbers |            |                 |                 |
| that designate  |            |                 |                 |
| carrier         |            |                 |                 |
| frequencies so  |            |                 |                 |
| close to the    |            |                 |                 |
| operating band  |            |                 |                 |
| edges that the  |            |                 |                 |
| carrier extends |            |                 |                 |
| beyond the      |            |                 |                 |
| operating band  |            |                 |                 |
| edge shall not  |            |                 |                 |
| be used.        |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
| NOTE 2: The     |            |                 |                 |
| following       |            |                 |                 |
| N~REF~ are      |            |                 |                 |
| allowed for     |            |                 |                 |
| operation in    |            |                 |                 |
| Band n46: see   |            |                 |                 |
| Table           |            |                 |                 |
| 5.4.2.3-2.      |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
| NOTE 3: The     |            |                 |                 |
| following       |            |                 |                 |
| N~REF~ are      |            |                 |                 |
| allowed for     |            |                 |                 |
| operation in    |            |                 |                 |
| Band n96: see   |            |                 |                 |
| Table           |            |                 |                 |
| 5.4.2.3-3.      |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
| NOTE 4: In the  |            |                 |                 |
| Rel-18 version  |            |                 |                 |
| of the          |            |                 |                 |
| specification,  |            |                 |                 |
| only N~REF~     |            |                 |                 |
| 179800 and      |            |                 |                 |
| 187600 is       |            |                 |                 |
| applicable for  |            |                 |                 |
| 3 MHz channel   |            |                 |                 |
| bandwidth.      |            |                 |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+

Table 5.4.2.3-2: Allowed N~REF~ (NR-ARFCN) for operation in Band n46

  Channel Bandwidth                                                                                                                                                                        Allowed N~REF~
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   782000, 788668
  20 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   744000, 745332, 746668, 748000, 749332, 750668, 752000, 753332, 754668, 756000, 765332, 766668, 768000, 769332, 770668, 772000, 773332, 774668, 776000, 777332, 778668, 780000, 781332, 783000, 784332, 785668, 787000, 788332, 789668, 791000, 792332, 793668
  40 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   744668, 746000, 748668, 751332, 754000, 755332, 766000, 767332, 770000, 772668, 775332, 778000, 780668, 783668, 786332, 787668, 790332, 793000
  60 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   745332, 746668, 748000, 752000, 753332, 754668, 766668, 768000, 769332, 773332, 774668, 778668, 780000, 784332, 785668, 787000, 791000, 792332
  80 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   746000, 747332, 752668, 754000, 767332, 768668, 774000, 779332, 785000, 786332, 791668
  NOTE: 10 MHz channel bandwidth shall only apply in certain regions where the absence of non 3GPP technologies can be guaranteed on a long-term basis in this version of specification.   

Table 5.4.2.3-3: Allowed N~REF~ (NR-ARFCN) for operation in Band n96

+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| Channel Bandwidth | Allowed N~REF~                                  |
+===================+=================================================+
| 20 MHz            | 797000, 798332, 799668, 801000, 802332, 803668, |
|                   | 805000, 806332, 807668, 809000, 810332, 811668, |
|                   | 813000, 814332,                                 |
|                   |                                                 |
|                   | 815668, 817000, 818332, 819668, 821000, 822332, |
|                   | 823668, 825000, 826332, 827668, 829000, 830332, |
|                   | 831668, 833000, 834332, 835668, 837000, 838332, |
|                   | 839668, 841000, 842332, 843668, 845000, 846332, |
|                   | 847668, 849000, 850332, 851668, 853000, 854332, |
|                   | 855668, 857000, 858332, 859668, 861000, 862332, |
|                   | 863668, 865000, 866332, 867668, 869000, 870332, |
|                   | 871668, 873000, 874332                          |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| 40 MHz            | 797668, 800332, 803000, 805668, 808332, 811000, |
|                   | 813668, 816332, 819000, 821668, 824332, 827000, |
|                   | 829668, 832332, 835000, 837668, 840332, 843000, |
|                   | 845668, 848332, 851000, 853668, 856332, 859000, |
|                   | 861668, 864332, 867000, 869668,                 |
|                   |                                                 |
|                   | 872332                                          |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| 60 MHz            | 798332, 799668, 803668, 805000, 809000, 810332, |
|                   | 814332, 815668, 819668, 821000, 825000, 826332, |
|                   | 830332, 831668, 835668, 837000, 841000, 842332, |
|                   | 846332, 847668, 851668, 853000, 857000, 858332, |
|                   | 862332, 863668, 867668, 869000, 873000          |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| 80 MHz            | 799000, 804332, 809668, 815000, 820332, 825668, |
|                   | 831000, 836332, 841668, 847000, 852332, 857668, |
|                   | 863000, 868332                                  |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+

### 5.4.3 Synchronization raster

#### 5.4.3.1 Synchronization raster and numbering

The synchronization raster indicates the frequency positions of the
synchronization block that can be used by the UE for system acquisition
when explicit signalling of the synchronization block position is not
present.

A global synchronization raster is defined for all frequencies. The
frequency position of the SS block is defined as SS~REF~ with
corresponding number GSCN. The parameters defining the SS~REF~ and GSCN
for all the frequency ranges are in Table 5.4.3.1-1 for above 3 MHz
channel bandwidth and in table 5.4.3.1-2 for 3 MHz channel bandwidth.

For band n100, additional parameters defining the SS~REF~ and GSCN are
specified in table 5.4.3.1-3.

The resource element corresponding to the SS block reference frequency
SS~REF~ is given in subclause 5.4.3.2. The synchronization raster and
the subcarrier spacing of the synchronization block are defined
separately for each band.

Table 5.4.3.1-1: GSCN parameters for the global frequency raster for
above 3 MHz channel bandwidth

+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+
| Frequency range | SS Block        | GSCN         | Range of GSCN |
|                 | frequency       |              |               |
|                 | position        |              |               |
|                 | SS~REF~         |              |               |
+=================+=================+==============+===============+
| 0 -- 3000 MHz   | N \* 1200kHz +  | 3N + (M-3)/2 | 2 -- 7498     |
|                 | M \* 50 kHz,    |              |               |
|                 |                 |              |               |
|                 | N=1:2499, M ϵ   |              |               |
|                 | {1,3,5} (Note   |              |               |
|                 | 1)              |              |               |
+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+
| 3000 - 24250    | 3000 MHz + N \* | 7499 + N     | 7499 -- 22255 |
| MHz             | 1.44 MHz        |              |               |
|                 |                 |              |               |
|                 | N = 0:14756     |              |               |
+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: The     |                 |              |               |
| default value   |                 |              |               |
| for operating   |                 |              |               |
| bands with SCS  |                 |              |               |
| spaced channel  |                 |              |               |
| raster is M=3.  |                 |              |               |
+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+

Table 5.4.3.1-2: GSCN parameters for the global frequency for 3 MHz
channel bandwidth

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Range of       | SS block       | GSCN           | Range of GSCN  |
| frequencies    | frequency      |                |                |
| (MHz)          | position       |                |                |
|                | SS~REF~        |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| 0 -- 1000      | N \* 600 kHz + | 26638+3N +     | 26640 -- 31634 |
|                | M \* 50 kHz +  | (M-3)/2        |                |
|                | 300 kHz,       |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | N = 1:1665, M  |                |                |
|                | ϵ {1,3,5}      |                |                |
|                | (Note 1)       |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Only   |                |                |                |
| applicable for |                |                |                |
| 15 PRB         |                |                |                |
| transmission   |                |                |                |
| bandwidth      |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| within 3 MHz   |                |                |                |
| channel        |                |                |                |
| bandwidth with |                |                |                |
| punctured PBCH |                |                |                |
| defined in TS  |                |                |                |
| 38.211 \[8\]   |                |                |                |
| clause         |                |                |                |
| 7.4.3.1.       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.4.3.1-3: Additional GSCN parameters for band n100

+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| SS Block frequency        | GSCN      | Note                      |
| position SS~REF~          |           |                           |
|                           |           |                           |
| (MHz)                     |           |                           |
+===========================+===========+===========================+
| **920.73**                | **41637** | **Only applicable for 12  |
|                           |           | PRB transmission          |
|                           |           | bandwidth configuration   |
|                           |           | within 3 MHz channel with |
|                           |           | punctured PBCH defined in |
|                           |           | TS 38.211 \[8\] clause    |
|                           |           | 7.4.3.1.**                |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+
| **921.45**                | **41638** | **Only applicable** for   |
|                           |           | 20 PRB transmission       |
|                           |           | bandwidth configuration   |
|                           |           | within 5 MHz channel with |
|                           |           | unpunctured PBCH defined  |
|                           |           | in TS 38.211 \[8\] clause |
|                           |           | 7.4.3.1.                  |
+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+

#### 5.4.3.2 Synchronization raster to synchronization block resource element mapping

The mapping between the synchronization raster and the corresponding
resource element of the SS block is given in Table 5.4.3.2-1.

Table 5.4.3.2-1: Synchronization raster to SS block resource element
mapping

  ------------------------ -----
  Resource element index   120
  ------------------------ -----

is the subcarrier number of SS/PBCH block defined in TS 38.211 clause
7.4.3.1\[8\].

#### 5.4.3.3 Synchronization raster entries for each operating band 

The synchronization raster for above 3 MHz channel bandwidth for each
band is given in Table 5.4.3.3-1. The distance between applicable GSCN
entries is given by the \<Step size\> indicated in Table 5.4.3.3-1.

Table 5.4.3.3-1: Applicable SS raster entries per operating band for
above 3 MHz channel bandwidth

+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR operating   | SS Block SCS | SS Block       | Range of GSCN  |
| band           |              | pattern^1^     |                |
|                |              |                | (First --      |
|                |              |                | \<Step size\>  |
|                |              |                | -- Last)       |
+================+==============+================+================+
| n1             | 15kHz        | Case A         | 5279 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5419        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n2             | 15kHz        | Case A         | 4829 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4969        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n3             | 15kHz        | Case A         | 4517 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4693        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n5             | 15kHz        | Case A         | 2177 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2230        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30kHz        | Case B         | 2183 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2224        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n7             | 15kHz        | Case A         | 6554 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6718        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n8             | 15kHz        | Case A         | 2318 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2395        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n12            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 1828 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1858        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n13            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 1871 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1885        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n14            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1901 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1915        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n20            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 1982 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2047        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n24            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3818 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3892        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case B         | 3824 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3886        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n25            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4829 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4981        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n26            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2153 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2230        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n28            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 1901 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2002        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n29            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1798 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1813        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n30            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 5879 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5893        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n31            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 1161 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1162        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n34            | 15kHz        | Case A         | NOTE5          |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30kHz        | Case C         | 5036-- \<1\>   |
|                |              |                | -- 5050        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n38            | 15kHz        | Case A         | NOTE 2         |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 6437 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6538        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n39            | 15kHz        | Case A         | NOTE 6         |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 4712 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4789        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n40            | 30kHz        | CaseC          | 5762 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5989        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n41            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 6246 -- \<3\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6717        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 6252 -- \<3\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6714        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n46**^3^**     | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 8993 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 9530        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n50            | 30kHz        | Case C         | 3590 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3781        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n48            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 7884 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 7982        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n51            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n53            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 6215 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6232        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 6221 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6226        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n54            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4181 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4182        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n65            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 5279 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5494        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n66            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 5279 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5494        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30kHz        | Case B         | 5285 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5488        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n70            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 4993 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5044        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n71            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 1547 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1624        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n72            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1157 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1159        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n74            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 3692 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3790        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n75            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 3584 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3787        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n76            | 15kHz        | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n77            | 30kHz        | Case C         | 7711 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 8329        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n78            | 30kHz        | Case C         | 7711 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 8051        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n79            | 30kHz        | Case C         | 8480 -- \<16\> |
|                |              |                | -- 8880^7^     |
|                |              |                |                |
|                |              |                | 8475 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 8884**^8^** |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n85            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1826 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1858        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n91            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n92            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3584 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3787        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n93            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n94            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3584 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3787        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n96**^4^**     | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 9531 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 10363       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n100           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2303 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2307,       |
|                |              |                |                |
|                |              |                | 41638^9^       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n101           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4754 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4768        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 4760 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4764        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n104           | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 9882 -- \<7\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 10358       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n105           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1535 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1624        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n109           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3584 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3787        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: SS     |              |                |                |
| Block pattern  |              |                |                |
| is defined in  |              |                |                |
| section 4.1 in |              |                |                |
| TS 38.213      |              |                |                |
| \[9\]          |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 2: The    |              |                |                |
| applicable SS  |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| are GSCN =     |              |                |                |
| {6432, 6443,   |              |                |                |
| 6457, 6468,    |              |                |                |
| 6479, 6493,    |              |                |                |
| 6507, 6518,    |              |                |                |
| 6532, 6543}.   |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 3: The    |              |                |                |
| following GSCN |              |                |                |
| are allowed    |              |                |                |
| for operation  |              |                |                |
| in band n46:\  |              |                |                |
| GSCN = {8996,  |              |                |                |
| 9010, 9024,    |              |                |                |
| 9038, 9051,    |              |                |                |
| 9065, 9079,    |              |                |                |
| 9093, 9107,    |              |                |                |
| 9121, 9218,    |              |                |                |
| 9232, 9246,    |              |                |                |
| 9260, 9274,    |              |                |                |
| 9288, 9301,    |              |                |                |
| 9315, 9329,    |              |                |                |
| 9343, 9357,    |              |                |                |
| 9371, 9385,    |              |                |                |
| 9402, 9416,    |              |                |                |
| 9430, 9444,    |              |                |                |
| 9458, 9472,    |              |                |                |
| 9485, 9499,    |              |                |                |
| 9513}.         |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 4: The    |              |                |                |
| following GSCN |              |                |                |
| are allowed    |              |                |                |
| for operation  |              |                |                |
| in band n96:\  |              |                |                |
| GSCN = {9548,  |              |                |                |
| 9562, 9576,    |              |                |                |
| 9590, 9603,    |              |                |                |
| 9617,9631,     |              |                |                |
| 9645, 9659,    |              |                |                |
| 9673, 9687,    |              |                |                |
| 9701, 9714,    |              |                |                |
| 9728, 9742,    |              |                |                |
| 9756, 9770,    |              |                |                |
| 9784, 9798,    |              |                |                |
| 9812, 9826,    |              |                |                |
| 9840, 9853,    |              |                |                |
| 9867, 9881,    |              |                |                |
| 9895, 9909,    |              |                |                |
| 9923, 9937,    |              |                |                |
| 9951, 9964,    |              |                |                |
| 9978, 9992,    |              |                |                |
| 10006, 10020,  |              |                |                |
| 10034, 10048,  |              |                |                |
| 10062, 10076,  |              |                |                |
| 10090, 10103,  |              |                |                |
| 10117, 10131,  |              |                |                |
| 10145, 10159,  |              |                |                |
| 10173, 10187,  |              |                |                |
| 10201, 10214,  |              |                |                |
| 10228, 10242,  |              |                |                |
| 10256, 10270,  |              |                |                |
| 10284, 10298,  |              |                |                |
| 10312, 10325,  |              |                |                |
| 10339, 10353}. |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 5: The    |              |                |                |
| applicable SS  |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| are GSCN =     |              |                |                |
| {5032, 5043,   |              |                |                |
| 5054}          |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 6: The    |              |                |                |
| applicable SS  |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| are GSCN =     |              |                |                |
| {4707, 4715,   |              |                |                |
| 4718, 4729,    |              |                |                |
| 4732, 4743,    |              |                |                |
| 4747, 4754,    |              |                |                |
| 4761, 4768,    |              |                |                |
| 4772, 4782,    |              |                |                |
| 4786, 4793}    |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 7: The SS |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| apply for      |              |                |                |
| channel        |              |                |                |
| bandwidths     |              |                |                |
| larger than or |              |                |                |
| equal to 40    |              |                |                |
| MHz.           |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 8: The SS |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| apply for      |              |                |                |
| channel        |              |                |                |
| bandwidths     |              |                |                |
| smaller than   |              |                |                |
| 40 MHz.        |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 9: **Only |              |                |                |
| applicable**   |              |                |                |
| for 20 PRB     |              |                |                |
| transmission   |              |                |                |
| bandwidth      |              |                |                |
| configuration  |              |                |                |
| within 5 MHz   |              |                |                |
| channel with   |              |                |                |
| unpunctured    |              |                |                |
| PBCH defined   |              |                |                |
| in TS 38.211   |              |                |                |
| \[8\] clause   |              |                |                |
| 7.4.3.1.       |              |                |                |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+

The synchronization raster for channel bandwidth 3 MHz for each band is
given in table 5.4.3.3-2. The distance between applicable GSCN entries
is given by the \<Step size\> indicated in table 5.4.3.3-2.

Table 5.4.3.3-2: Applicable SS raster entries per operating band for 3
MHz channel bandwidth

+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR *operating  | SS Block SCS | SS Block       | Range of GSCN  |
| band*          |              | pattern^1^     |                |
|                |              |                | (First --      |
|                |              |                | \<Step size\>  |
|                |              |                | -- Last)       |
+================+==============+================+================+
| n26            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 30937 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 31100       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n28            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 30432 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 30644       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n31            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 28955 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 28967       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n72            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 28947 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 28959       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n85            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 30282 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 30359       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n100           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 31240 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 31242,      |
|                |              |                |                |
|                |              |                | 31244 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 31253,      |
|                |              |                |                |
|                |              |                | 41637^2^       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n106           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 31317 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 31329       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: SS     |              |                |                |
| Block pattern  |              |                |                |
| is defined in  |              |                |                |
| clause 4.1 in  |              |                |                |
| TS 38.213      |              |                |                |
| \[9\].         |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 2: **Only |              |                |                |
| applicable for |              |                |                |
| 12 PRB         |              |                |                |
| transmission   |              |                |                |
| bandwidth      |              |                |                |
| configuration  |              |                |                |
| within 3 MHz   |              |                |                |
| channel with   |              |                |                |
| punctured PBCH |              |                |                |
| defined in TS  |              |                |                |
| 38.211 \[8\]   |              |                |                |
| clause         |              |                |                |
| 7.4.3.1.**     |              |                |                |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+

### 5.4.4 TX--RX frequency separation

The default TX channel (carrier centre frequency) to RX channel (carrier
centre frequency) separation for operating bands is specified in Table
5.4.4-1.

Table 5.4.4-1: UE TX-RX frequency separation

+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| NR Operating Band                    | TX -- RX\                    |
|                                      | carrier centre frequency\    |
|                                      | separation                   |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n1                                   | 190 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n2                                   | 80 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n3                                   | 95 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n5                                   | 45 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n7                                   | 120 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n8                                   | 45 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n12                                  | 30 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n13                                  | -31 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n14                                  | -30 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n20                                  | -41 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n24                                  | -101.5, -120.5 MHz           |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n25                                  | 80 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n26                                  | 45 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n28                                  | 55 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n30                                  | 45 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n31                                  | 10 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n65                                  | 190 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n66                                  | 400 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n70                                  | 300 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n71                                  | -46 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n72                                  | 10 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n74                                  | 48 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n85                                  | 30 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n91                                  | 570 MHz -- 595 MHz           |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | (NOTE 2)                     |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n92                                  | 575 MHz -- 680 MHz (*μ* = 0) |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | 580 MHz -- 675 MHz (*μ* = 1) |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | (NOTE 2)                     |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n93                                  | 517 MHz -- 547 MHz           |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | (NOTE 2)                     |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n94                                  | 522 MHz -- 632 MHz (*μ* = 0) |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | 527 MHz -- 627 MHz (*μ* = 1) |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | (NOTE 2)                     |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n100                                 | 45MHz                        |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n105                                 | -51 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n106                                 | 39 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n109                                 | 704 MHz - 809 MHz (*μ* = 0)  |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | 709 MHz - 804 MHz (*μ* = 1)  |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | (NOTE 2)                     |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Default TX-RX carrier centre |                              |
| frequency separation.                |                              |
|                                      |                              |
| NOTE 2: The range of TX-RX frequency |                              |
| separation given paired UL and DL    |                              |
| channel bandwidths BW~UL~ and BW~DL~ |                              |
| is given by the respective lower and |                              |
| upper limit F~DL\_low~ --            |                              |
| F~UL\_high~ + 0.5(BW~DL~ + BW~UL~)   |                              |
| and F~DL\_high~ -- F~UL\_low~ --     |                              |
| 0.5(BW~DL~ + BW~UL~). The UL and DL  |                              |
| channel bandwidth combinations       |                              |
| specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and       |                              |
| 5.3.6-1 depend on the subcarrier     |                              |
| spacing configuration *μ* \[6\].     |                              |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+

5.4A Channel arrangement for CA
-------------------------------

### 5.4A.1 Channel spacing for CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation with two or more component
carriers, the nominal channel spacing between two adjacent NR component
carriers is defined as the following unless stated otherwise:

For NR operating bands with a 100 kHz channel raster:

while for NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster:

with n = µ~0~

where BW~Channel(1)~ and BW~Channel(2)~ are the channel bandwidths of
the two respective NR component carriers according to Table 5.3.2-1 with
values in MHz, *μ~0~* is the largest *μ* value among the subcarrier
spacing configurations supported in the operating band for both of the
channel bandwidths according to Table 5.3.5-1 and *GB~Channel(i)~* is
the minimum guard band for channel bandwidth i according to Table
5.3.3-1 for the said *μ* value with *μ* as defined in TS 38.211. In case
there is no common μ value for both of the channel bandwidths, *μ~0~*=1
is selected and *GB~Channel(i)~* is the minimum guard band for channel
bandwidth i according to Table 5.3.3-1 for *μ=1* with *μ* as defined in
TS 38.211.

The channel spacing for intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation can be
adjusted to any multiple of least common multiple of channel raster and
sub-carrier spacing less than the nominal channel spacing to optimize
performance in a particular deployment scenario.

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation, the channel spacing
between two NR component carriers in different sub-blocks shall be
larger than the nominal channel spacing defined in this subclause

### 5.4A.2 Channel raster for CA

For inter-band and intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the
channel raster requirements in clause 5.4.2 apply for each operating
band.

### 5.4A.3 Synchronization raster for CA

For inter-band and intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the
synchronization raster requirements in clause 5.4.3 apply for each
operating band.

### 5.4A.4 Tx-Rx frequency separation for CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation, the Tx-Rx frequency separation
requirements in subclause 5.4.4 apply for each operating band.

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the same TX-RX frequency
separation as specified in Table 5.4.4-1 is applied to PCC and SCC,
respectively.

5.4E Channel arrangement for V2X
--------------------------------

### 5.4E.1 Channel spacing

For NR V2X, the channel spacing requirements in clause 5.4.1 apply for
each operating band.

### 5.4E.2 Channel raster

#### 5.4E.2.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster

For NR V2X, the NR-ARFCN and channel raster requirements in clause
5.4.2.1 apply for each operating band.

For NR V2X UE, the reference frequency can be shifted by configuration.

F~REF\_V2X~ = F~REF~ + Δ~shift~ + N \* 5 kHz

where

Δ~shift~ = 0 kHz or 7.5 kHz indicated in IE (*frequencyShift7p5khz*),
and

N can be set as one of following values {-1, 0, 1}, which are signalled
by the network in higher layer parameters or configured by
pre-configuration parameters.

#### 5.4E.2.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping

For NR V2X, the channel raster to resource element mapping requirements
in clause 5.4.2.2 apply for each operating band.

#### 5.4E.2.3 Channel raster entries for each operating band

For NR V2X, the channel raster entries, the channel raster entries
requirements in clause 5.4.2.3 apply for each operating band.

The RF channel positions on the channel raster in each NR V2X operating
band are given through the applicable NR-ARFCN in Table 5.4.2.3-1, using
the channel raster to resource element mapping in subclause 5.4E.2.2.

For NR V2X operating band n47, ΔF~Raster~ = *I* × ΔF~Global~, where *I ϵ
{1}.* Every *I^th^* NR‑ARFCN within the operating band are applicable
for the channel raster within the operating band and the step size for
the channel raster in Table 5.4.2.3-1 is given as \<*I*\>.

### 5.4E.3 Synchronization raster for V2X

There is no synchronization raster definition for NR V2X for both
licensed bands and unlicensed bands.

5.4F 
----

5.4G 
----

5.4H 
----

5.4I Channel arrangement for (e)RedCap
--------------------------------------

### 5.4I.1 Channel spacing for (e)RedCap

For (e)RedCap UEs, the channel spacing requirements in clause 5.4.1
apply for each operating band.

### 5.4I.2 Channel raster for (e)RedCap

#### 5.4I.2.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster

For (e)RedCap UEs, the NR-ARFCN and channel raster requirements in
clause 5.4.2.1 apply for each operating band.

#### 5.4I.2.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping

For (e)RedCap UEs, the channel raster to resource element mapping
requirements in clause 5.4.2.2 apply for each operating band.

#### 5.4I.2.3 Channel raster entries for each operating band

For (e)RedCap UEs, the RF channel positions on the channel raster in
each NR operating band are given through the applicable NR-ARFCN in
Table 5.4.2.3‑1 and additional intermediary NR-ARFCN with a step size of
\<2\> for operating bands that are included in Table 5.4.2.3-1 with a
step size of \<20\>, using the channel raster to resource element
mapping in clause 5.4I.2.2.

For NR operating bands included in Table 5.4.2.3-1 with a step size of
\<20\>, the channel raster for (e)RedCap UEs is defined with ΔF~Raster~
= 2 × ΔF~Global~. In this case every 2^nd^ NR-ARFCN within the operating
band are applicable for the channel raster within the operating band and
the step size for the channel raster is given as \<2\>, every 10^th^ of
these channel raster entries coincides with entries defined in Table
5.4.2.3-1 for this operating band.

### 5.4I.3 Synchronization raster for (e)RedCap

For (e)RedCap UEs, the synchronization raster requirements in clause
5.4.3 apply for each operating band. The synchronization raster and the
corresponding SS block do not cover all possible RF channel bandwidths
and locations on the channel raster defined in sub-clause 5.4I.2.

### 5.4I.4 Tx-Rx frequency separation for (e)RedCap

For (e)RedCap UEs, the Tx-Rx frequency separation requirements in clause
5.4.4 apply for each operating band.

5.5 Void
--------

5.5A Configurations for CA
--------------------------

### 5.5A.0 General

The configurations for CA operating band including Band n41 also apply
for the corresponding CA operating bands with Band n90 replacing Band
n41 but with otherwise identical parameters. For brevity the said
configuration for CA operating bands with Band n90 are not listed in the
tables below but are covered by this specification.

Non‑contiguous resource allocation and almost contiguous allocation are
not applicable for each NR carrier of intra‑band contiguous and
non-contiguous CA configurations.

For a CA configuration with one or more operating band supporting
asymmetric channel bandwidths as specified in sub-clause 5.3.6,
requirements are defined for an asymmetric UL and DL channel bandwidth
combination of a supported asymmetric channel bandwidth combination set
for an operating band of the CA configuration when the said UL and DL
channel bandwidths are also contained in a supported bandwidth
combination set of the CA configuration.

### 5.5A.1 Configurations for intra-band contiguous CA

Power class 3 is supported for all uplinks. Power classes other than
power class 3 are supported as indicated in Table 5.5A.1-1.

Table 5.5A.1-1: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets
defined for intra-band contiguous CA

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NR CA |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| set   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| NR CA | U     | Ch    | Ch    | Ch    | Ch    | Ch    | Ma    | Band  |
| con   | plink | annel | annel | annel | annel | annel | ximum | width |
| figur | CA    | bandw | bandw | bandw | bandw | bandw | a     | c     |
| ation | con   | idths | idths | idths | idths | idths | ggreg | ombin |
|       | figur | for   | for   | for   | for   | for   | ated\ | ation |
|       | ation | ca    | ca    | ca    | ca    | ca    | band  | set   |
|       | or    | rrier | rrier | rrier | rrier | rrier | width |       |
|       | s     | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) |       |
|       | ingle |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | carri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | er^6^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| *     | **-** | **5,  | **5,  |       |       |       | *     | **0** |
| *CA\_ |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       | *20** |       |
| n5B** |       | 15**  | 15**  |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | **5,  | **5,  |       |       |       | *     | **1** |
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       | *25** |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20**  | 20**  |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 20    | 80    |       |       |       | 100   | 0     |
| _n40B |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50    | 50    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n41   | 40    | 80,   |       |       |       | 180   | 0     |
| A\_n4 | ^4,5^ |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1C^4^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | CA\   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | _n41C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 100   |       |       |       | 190   | 1     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 40    | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       | 100   | 0     |
| _n46B |       | 40,   | 40    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       | 160   | 0     |
| _n46C |       | 80    | 80    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 60,   | 80    | 80    |       |       | 240   | 0     |
| _n46D |       | 80    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       | 140   | 0     |
| _n46M |       | 40,   | 40    | 40    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       | 200   | 0     |
| _n46N |       | 40,   | 40    | 40    | 40    |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 220   | 0     |
| _n46O |       | 60    | 40    | 40    | 40    | 40    |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | 5     | 15,   |       |       |       | 40    | 0     |
| _n48B | _n48B |       | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | \-    | 10    | 50,   |       |       |       | 100   | 1     |
|       |       |       | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 50,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 40    | 40,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 50,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 60    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | \-    | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       | 100   | 2     |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40    | 40,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 50,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 70,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 10    | 100   |       |       |       | 140   | 0     |
| _n48C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15    | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 20    | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 40    | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 5     | 20,   |       |       |       | 50    | 0     |
| _n66B |       |       | 40    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 40    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15    | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | 50    | 60,   |       |       |       | 200   | 0     |
| _n77C | _n77C |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 60    | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 80    | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 100   |       |       |       | 200   | 1     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 25,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30    | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 40    | 70,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 6     | 7     |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 0,70, | 0,80, |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 8     | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 0,90, | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       | 300   | 0     |
| _n77D |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 20    | 50    |       |       |       | 70    | 0     |
| _n78B |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | C     | 50    | 60,   |       |       |       | 200   | 0     |
| _n78C | A\_n7 |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 8C^4^ |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 60    | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 80    | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 100   |       |       |       | 200   | 1     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 25,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30    | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 40    | 70,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 70,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       | 300   | 0     |
| _n78D |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | 50    | 60,   |       |       |       | 200   | 0     |
| _n79C | _n79C |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 60    | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 80    | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       | 300   | 0     |
| _n79D |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| comp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| onent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| car   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rier, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refer |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCSs. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| given |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| all   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| same  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCSs. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggre |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| must  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eater |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nimum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.3A  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .5-1, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sm    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aller |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ma    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ximum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggre |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 is  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| al    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lowed |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ingle |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| downl |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ink/u |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.5   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| al    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lowed |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ingle |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| downl |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ink/u |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ingle |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| car   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| riers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| other |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PC3   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| li    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sted. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.5A.1-2: Void

### 5.5A.2 Configurations for intra-band non-contiguous CA

Table 5.5A.2-1: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets
defined for intra-band non-contiguous CA

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NR CA   | Uplink  | Channel | Channel | Channel | Maximum | Ba      |
| Config  | CA      | ban     | ban     | ban     |         | ndwidth |
| uration | Configu | dwidths | dwidths | dwidths | Agg     | comb    |
|         | rations | for     | for     | for     | regated | ination |
|         | or      | carrier | carrier | carrier | ba      | set     |
|         | single  |         |         |         | ndwidth |         |
|         | uplink  | (MHz)   | (MHz)   | (MHz)   |         |         |
|         | carrier |         |         |         | (MHz)   |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| CA\     | \-      | 5, 10,  | 5, 10,  |         | 40      | 0       |
| _n2(2A) |         | 15, 20  | 15, 20  |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    |         | 10, 15, | 10, 15, |         | 140^2^  | 0       |
| n48(2A) |         | 20, 40, | 20, 40, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 50, 60  | 50, 60, |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | 80, 90, |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | 100     |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         | 10, 15, | 10, 15, |         | 140^2^  | 1       |
|         |         | 20, 30, | 20, 30, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 40, 50, | 40, 50, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 60, 70, | 60, 70, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 80, 90, | 80, 90, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 100     | 100     |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | \-      | 5, 10,  | 5, 10,  |         | 60      | 0       |
| n66(2A) |         | 15, 20  | 15, 20, |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | 40      |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         | 5, 10,  | 5, 10,  |         | 80      | 1       |
|         |         | 15, 20, | 15, 20, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 25, 30, | 25, 30, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 40      | 40      |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         | 5, 10,  | 5, 10,  |         | 80      | 2       |
|         |         | 15, 20, | 15, 20, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 40      | 40      |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | \-      | 5, 10,  | 5, 10,  | 5, 10,  | 80      | 0       |
| n66(3A) |         | 15, 20, | 15, 20, | 15, 20, |         |         |
|         |         | 40      | 40      | 40      |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | \-      | 5,10,   | 5       |         | 30      | 0       |
| n71(2A) |         | 15, 20  | ,10,15, |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | 20      |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    | n77^3^  | 20, 40, | 20, 40, |         | 200     | 0       |
| n77(2A) |         | 80, 100 | 80, 100 |         |         |         |
|         | CA\_    |         |         |         |         |         |
|         | n77(2A) |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         | 10, 15, | 10, 15, |         | 200     | 1       |
|         |         | 20, 25, | 20, 25, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 30, 40, | 30, 40, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 50, 60, | 50, 60, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 70, 80, | 70, 80, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 90, 100 | 90, 100 |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         | See n77 |         | 200     | 4 and 5 |         |
|         |         | channel |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | ban     |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | dwidths |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | in      |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | Table   |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | 5.3.5-1 |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | for     |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | each    |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | carrier |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| CA\_    |         | 10, 20, | 10, 20, |         | 200     | 0       |
| n78(2A) |         | 40, 50, | 40, 50, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 60, 80, | 60, 80, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 90, 100 | 90, 100 |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         | 10, 20, | 10, 20, |         | 200     | 1       |
|         |         | 25, 30, | 25, 30, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 40, 50, | 40, 50, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 60, 80, | 60, 80, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 90, 100 | 90, 100 |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         |         | 10, 20, | 10, 20, |         | 200     | 2       |
|         |         | 25, 30, | 25, 30, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 40, 50, | 40, 50, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 60, 70, | 60, 70, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 80, 90, | 80, 90, |         |         |         |
|         |         | 100     | 100     |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| NOTE 1: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| each    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| channel |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ba      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ndwidth |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of each |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| co      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| mponent |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| c       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| arrier, |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| refer   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| to      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Table   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 5.3.5-1 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SCSs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| For a   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| given   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| band,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| not all |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| UE      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| channel |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ban     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| dwidths |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| support |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| same    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| SCSs.   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 2: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Pa      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rameter |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| value   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| a       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ccounts |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| both,   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| maximum |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| fr      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equency |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| range   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| of band |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| n48     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| (15     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 0 MHz), |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| and the |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| minimum |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| fr      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| equency |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| gaps in |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| between |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NR      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| non-con |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| tiguous |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| co      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| mponent |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ca      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rriers. |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| NOTE 3: |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Minimum |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| requi   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rements |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Power   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Class 2 |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| are     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| app     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| licable |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| this    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uplink  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| comb    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ination |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| or      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| single  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| uplink  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| carrier |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in this |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| d       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ownlink |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| /uplink |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| comb    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ination |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

### 5.5A.3 Configurations for inter-band CA

Table 5.5A.3-1: Void

Table 5.5A.3-2: Void

Table 5.5A.3-3: Void

#### 5.5A.3.0 General

For the NR inter-band CA configurations in sub-clause 5.5A.3, when the
capability *supportedBandPairListNR-r18* is present, three or four bands
can be configured in the uplink with simultaneous uplink transmission on
up to two bands, and the corresponding inter-band CA requirements with
uplink assigned to one or two bands shall apply. For each uplink band
pair in the NR inter-band CA configurations, according to the capability
*uplinkTxSwitchingOptionForBandPair*,

-- if *switchedUL* is supported, uplink transmission on any one band of
the band pair in the band combination shall be supported according to
the scheduling commands, and the corresponding inter-band CA
requirements with uplink assigned to one band on band X or band Y apply;

-- if *dualUL* is supported, simultaneous uplink transmission on the two
NR UL bands from the band pair for which *dualUL* is declared in the
band combination shall be supported according to the scheduling
commands, and the corresponding inter-band CA requirements with uplink
CA between the two uplink bands apply. For a UE supporting
\[BandOrdering1T1Tto1T1T\] for parallel uplink transmission switching
for a band combination consisting with four different bands, the UE is
allowed to report capability \[preferredBandPairs\] via band-ordering
approach to indicate the UE's preferred switching band pairs for which
it supports *dualUL* and perform the switching case configured by
network.

#### 5.5A.3.1 Configurations for inter-band CA (**two bands)**

Table 5.5A.3.1-1: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations sets
defined for inter-band CA (two bands)

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz)        | set          |
|              | or single    |         |              |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^5^   |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| CA\_n1A-n3A  | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n5A  | CA\_n1A-n5A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n1(2A)-n3A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n1(2A)-n5A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n8A  | CA\_n1A-n8A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n1(2A)-n8A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n28A | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n41A | CA\_n1A-n41A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n77A | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n78A | n78^4^       | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 3            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n1A-n78A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n78C | CA\_n1A-n78A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n1(2A)-n78A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n79A | CA\_n1A-n79A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n5A  | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n2(2A)-n5A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n12A | CA\_n2A-n12A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n14A | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n2(2A)-n14A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n30A | CA\_n2A-n30A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n30A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n2(2A)-n30A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n48A | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n2A-n48(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n48B | CA\_n48B     | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n66A | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n2(2A)-n66A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n2A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| (2A)-n66(2A) |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n2A-n66(3A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n77A | n77^4^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n    |         |              |              |
|              | 77A^4,13,14^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | n77^4^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n2A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | n77^4^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n2(2A)-n77A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | n77^4^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n77C | n77^4^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | n2 channel   | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n77C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n5A  | CA\_n3A-n5A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n3      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n3(2A)-n5A |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n8A  | CA\_n3A-n8A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n3      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n3(2A)-n8A |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n28A | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n40A | CA\_n3A-n40A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n41A | n41^4^       | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n3A-n41A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n77A | CA\_n3A-n77A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | **C          | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n3A-n77(2A) | A\_n77(2A)** |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n78A | n78^4^       | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n3A-n78A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40,          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n3A-n78A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n3A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n78(2A)  |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n3      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n3(2A)-n78A |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n79A | CA\_n3A-n79A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n7A  | \-           | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n30A | CA\_n5A-n30A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n48A | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n5A-n48(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n48B | CA\_n48B     | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n66A | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n5A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n5A-n66(3A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n77A | n77^4^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n    |         |              |              |
|              | 77A^4,13,14^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n77C | n77^4^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | n77^4^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n5A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n78A | CA\_n5A-n78A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n5A-n78A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n5A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5B-n77A | CA\_n5A-n77A | n5      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n5B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5B-n77C | CA\_n5A-n77A | n5      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n5B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | C            | 1            |
|              |              |         | A\_n5B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n78A | CA\_n7A-n78A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-n78A | CA\_         | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              | n8A-n78A^13^ |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n8A-n78A | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n8A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n14A-n30A | A\_n14A-n30A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n14A-n66A | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n14A-n66(2A) | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n14A-n66(3A) | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^4^       | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n14A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^4^       | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n14A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n20A-n78A | A\_n20A-n78A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n24A-n41A | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n24A-n41(2A) | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n24A-n48A | A\_n24A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n24A-n48B | A\_n24A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n24A-n48(2A) | A\_n24A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n24A-n77A | A\_n24A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n24A-n77C | A\_n24A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n46A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | 20, 40, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n66A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | CA\_n25A-n   | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n77A | 77A^4,13,14^ |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_         | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n77(2A) | n25A-n77A^4^ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | CA\_n77(2A)  |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n78A | A\_n25A-n78A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n78(2A) | A\_n25A-n78A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n26     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n26A-n66A | A\_n26A-n66A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n26     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n26A-n66(2A) | A\_n26A-n66A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n26     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n26A-n70A | A\_n26A-n70A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n40A | A\_n28A-n40A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^4^       | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n41A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n28      |         |              |              |
|              | A-n41A^4,13^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20,30        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | CA\_n41C     | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n41C |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n77A | A\_n28A-n77A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n77(2A)  | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n28A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | CA\_n28      | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n78A | A-n78A^4,13^ |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n28A-n78(2A) | A\_n28A-n78A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n79^4^       | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n79A |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n28A-n79A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n29A-n66A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n29A-n66B |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n29A-n66(2A) |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n29A-n70A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^,^,^    |              |
|              |              |         | 25^1^        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n29A-n71A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n30A-n66A | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n66(2A) | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n66(3A) | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77A^4,^     | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n30A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^4^       | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n39A-n41A | A\_n39A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n40     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n40A-n77A | A\_n40A-n77A |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^15^, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90^15^, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n66A |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n71A |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n77A | A\_n41A-n77A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^4^,      | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n79A | n79^4^       |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n79A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 2            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | CA\_n79C     | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n79C |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n79A | A\_n41A-n79A |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | CA\_n41C     | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n79C |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n79C     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n46     | 20, 40, 60,  | 0            |
| A\_n46A-n48A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n46B-n48A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n46C-n48A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n46D-n48A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n46     | 20, 40, 60,  | 0            |
| A\_n46A-n66A |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n48A-n66A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40,          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48A-n66(2A) | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | CA\_n48B     | n48     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n48B-n66A |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           | 1            |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           | 2            |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n66A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        | 2            |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48      | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n66(2A) | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48A-n70A^6^ | A\_n48A-n70A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n70A | A\_n48A-n70A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n48     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n48B-n70A | A\_n48A-n70A |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n48A-n71A | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48A-n71(2A) | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n71A | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48      | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n71(2A) | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n48     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n48B-n71A | A\_n48A-n71A |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^4^       | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n48A-n77A |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | CA\_n77C     | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n48A-n77C |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^7^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^7^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n77A |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS4 |              |
|              |              |         | and 5        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | See n77      |              |
|              |              |         | channel      |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | CA\_n48B     | n48     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n48B-n77A |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           | 1            |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           | 2            |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n66A-n70A |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n66     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n66B-n70A |              |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n70A |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n66A-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n71(2A) |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66      | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n71(2A) | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n66     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n66B-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^4^       | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n66A-n77A |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
|              | CA\_n66A-n   |         |              |              |
|              | 77A^4,13,14^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^4^       | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77(2A)  |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^4^       | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66      | n77^4^       | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^4^       | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(3A)-n77A |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^4^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n66A-n78A | A\_n66A-n78A |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n78(2A) | A\_n66A-n78A |         | 20, 30, 40   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77          | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n66A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n70A-n71A | A\_n70A-n71A |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n70A-n71(2A) | A\_n70A-n71A |         | 20^1^        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^4^       | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n71A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n71A-n   |         |              |              |
|              | 77A^4,13,14^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n71A-n77(2A) | A\_n71A-n77A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n71A-n78A | A\_n71A-n78A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | See n71      | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | channel      |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | See n78      |              |
|              |              |         | channel      |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n71     | 10, 15, 20   | 0            |
| n71A-n78(2A) | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | See n71      | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | channel      |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS4 |              |
|              |              |         | and 5        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n77A-n79A |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n78^4^       | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n78A-n79A |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              | n79^4^       |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: This |              |         |              |              |
| UE channel   |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth is |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| only to      |              |         |              |              |
| downlink.    |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 2: The  |              |         |              |              |
| minimum      |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| for          |              |         |              |              |
| intra-band   |              |         |              |              |
| contiguous   |              |         |              |              |
| or           |              |         |              |              |
| no           |              |         |              |              |
| n-contiguous |              |         |              |              |
| CA apply.    |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 3: For  |              |         |              |              |
| each channel |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth of |              |         |              |              |
| each         |              |         |              |              |
| component    |              |         |              |              |
| carrier,     |              |         |              |              |
| refer to     |              |         |              |              |
| Table        |              |         |              |              |
| 5.3.5-1 for  |              |         |              |              |
| the          |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| SCSs. For a  |              |         |              |              |
| given band,  |              |         |              |              |
| not all UE   |              |         |              |              |
| channel      |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidths   |              |         |              |              |
| support the  |              |         |              |              |
| same SCSs.   |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 4:      |              |         |              |              |
| Minimum      |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| for Power    |              |         |              |              |
| Class 2 are  |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| for this     |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| combination  |              |         |              |              |
| with 1Tx     |              |         |              |              |
| antenna      |              |         |              |              |
| connector in |              |         |              |              |
| each band or |              |         |              |              |
| single       |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| carrier with |              |         |              |              |
| up to 2Tx    |              |         |              |              |
| antenna      |              |         |              |              |
| connectors   |              |         |              |              |
| in this      |              |         |              |              |
| dow          |              |         |              |              |
| nlink/uplink |              |         |              |              |
| combination. |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 5: Only |              |         |              |              |
| single       |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| carriers     |              |         |              |              |
| with power   |              |         |              |              |
| class other  |              |         |              |              |
| than PC3 are |              |         |              |              |
| listed.      |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 6: The  |              |         |              |              |
| same         |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| onfiguration |              |         |              |              |
| applies to   |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| orresponding |              |         |              |              |
| NR-DC        |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| onfiguration |              |         |              |              |
| in Table     |              |         |              |              |
| 5.5B.1-1. If |              |         |              |              |
| UE           |              |         |              |              |
| supporting   |              |         |              |              |
| NR-DC        |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| onfiguration |              |         |              |              |
| do not       |              |         |              |              |
| support the  |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| orresponding |              |         |              |              |
| CA           |              |         |              |              |
| co           |              |         |              |              |
| nfiguration, |              |         |              |              |
| NR-DC        |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| onfiguration |              |         |              |              |
| is used in   |              |         |              |              |
| CA test      |              |         |              |              |
| cases.       |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 7: For  |              |         |              |              |
| this         |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth,   |              |         |              |              |
| the minimum  |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| are          |              |         |              |              |
| restricted   |              |         |              |              |
| to operation |              |         |              |              |
| when carrier |              |         |              |              |
| is           |              |         |              |              |
| configured   |              |         |              |              |
| as a         |              |         |              |              |
| downlink     |              |         |              |              |
| SCell part   |              |         |              |              |
| of CA        |              |         |              |              |
| co           |              |         |              |              |
| nfiguration. |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 8:      |              |         |              |              |
| Reserved     |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 9:      |              |         |              |              |
| Reserved     |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 10:     |              |         |              |              |
| Reserved     |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 11:     |              |         |              |              |
| Reserved     |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 12:     |              |         |              |              |
| Reserved     |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 13:     |              |         |              |              |
| Minimum      |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| for Power    |              |         |              |              |
| Class 2 are  |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| for this     |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| onfiguration |              |         |              |              |
| with 1Tx     |              |         |              |              |
| antenna      |              |         |              |              |
| connector in |              |         |              |              |
| one band and |              |         |              |              |
| 2Tx antenna  |              |         |              |              |
| connectors   |              |         |              |              |
| in the other |              |         |              |              |
| band.        |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 14:     |              |         |              |              |
| Minimum      |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| for Power    |              |         |              |              |
| Class 1.5    |              |         |              |              |
| are          |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| for this     |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| onfiguration |              |         |              |              |
| with 1Tx     |              |         |              |              |
| antenna      |              |         |              |              |
| connector in |              |         |              |              |
| one band and |              |         |              |              |
| 2Tx antenna  |              |         |              |              |
| connectors   |              |         |              |              |
| in the other |              |         |              |              |
| band.        |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 15:     |              |         |              |              |
| This UE      |              |         |              |              |
| channel      |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth is |              |         |              |              |
| optional in  |              |         |              |              |
| release 18   |              |         |              |              |
| of the       |              |         |              |              |
| sp           |              |         |              |              |
| ecification. |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

#### 5.5A.3.2 Configurations for inter-band CA (**three bands)**

Table 5.5A.3.2-1: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations sets
defined for inter-band CA (three bands)

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz)        | set          |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | or single    |         |              |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier6     |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| **CA\_n1     | **-**        | **n1**  | **5, 10, 15, | **0**        |
| A-n3A-n28A** |              |         | 20**         |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n3**  | **5, 10, 15, |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30** |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n28** | **5, 10, 15, |              |
|              |              |         | 20^2^**      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n3A  | **n1**  | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n3A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n3**  | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n77** | **10, 15,    |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100**        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n1**  | **5, 10, 15, | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50**     |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n3**  | **5, 10, 15, |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40**         |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n77** | **10, 15,    |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100**        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n1**  | **5, 10, 15, | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20**         |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n3**  | **5, 10, 15, |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 35, 40**     |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n77** | **10, 15,    |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 70, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100**        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n3A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n5A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n5A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n8A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n8A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n8A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n28A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n28A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n28A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n28A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^2^        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n41A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n41A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-     | CA\_n1A-n78A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n78A-n79A^4^ |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n78A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n5A-n48A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n5A-n48B |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A      | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n5A-n48(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n5A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(      | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| 2A)-n5A-n66A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A      | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n5A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^7,\ 9^   | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n5A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n5A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n5A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(      | n77^7^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| 2A)-n5A-n77A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n5A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A      | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n5A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n5A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n14A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n14A-n66A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n14A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n14A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n14A-n77A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n14A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n48A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n48B-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77          | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n48A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n48A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n48B-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7,\ 9^   | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n66A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n66A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | n77^7^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n77A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n3A-n5A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n5A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n3A-n8A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
| n3A-n8A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_3A-n78A  | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n8A-n78A | n78     | 10, 15,      |              |
|              |              |         | 20,40, 50,   |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n28A-n41A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n41A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n28A-n40A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n40A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n40A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n28A-n77A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n28A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^2^        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n40A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n40A-n77A |              |         | 20, 30, 35,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         | 40, 45, 50   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n41A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n41A-n77A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48B-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77          | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48B-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7,\ 9^   | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n66A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n66A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 4A-n66A-n77A | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n14A-    | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n14A-    | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n66A-n77A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n66A-n78A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | CA           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n78(2A) | \_n25A-n66A\ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA           |         | 40           |              |
|              | \_n25A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n26     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 6A-n66A-n70A | A\_n26A-n66A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n26A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n26A-    | C            | n26     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n70A | A\_n26A-n66A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n26A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n40A-n77A | A\_n28A-n40A |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n41A-n77A | A\_n28A-n41A |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n41A-n79A | A\_n28A-n41A |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 9A-n66A-n70A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 9A-n66B-n70A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\          |              |
|              |              |         | _n66B\_BCS0. |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n29A-    | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n70A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| 1A-n66A-n71A |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n66A-n70A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n70A |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48A-    | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n70A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n70A |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48(2    | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n70A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | CA           | 0            |
| 8B-n66A-n70A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n66A-n71A | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 100^10^      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48A-    | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n71A | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 100^10^      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48(2    | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n71A | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | CA           | 0            |
| 8B-n66A-n71A | A\_n48A-n71A |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48A-    | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n71(2A) | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 100^10^      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | n77          | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n66A-n77A |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n66A-n77C | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | CA           | 0            |
| 8B-n66A-n77A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           | 1            |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           | 2            |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48(2    | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n77A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n70A-n71A | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 100^10^      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48(2    | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n70A-n71A | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48A-    | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n70A-n71(2A) | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 100^10^      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n6       | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 6A-n70A-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 40       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66A-    | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n70A-n71(2A) | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n6       | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 6A-n71A-n77A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66A-    | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n71A-n77(2A) | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n77(2A)  |              |
|              |              |         | BCS 4 and 5  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n6       | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 6A-n71A-n78A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66A-    | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n71A-n78(2A) | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n6       | C            | n66     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n70A-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66(2    | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n70A-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: This |              |         |              |              |
| UE channel   |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth is |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| only to      |              |         |              |              |
| downlink     |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 2: For  |              |         |              |              |
| the 20 MHz   |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth,   |              |         |              |              |
| the minimum  |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| are          |              |         |              |              |
| specified    |              |         |              |              |
| for NR UL    |              |         |              |              |
| carrier      |              |         |              |              |
| frequencies  |              |         |              |              |
| confined to  |              |         |              |              |
| either       |              |         |              |              |
| 713-723 MHz  |              |         |              |              |
| or           |              |         |              |              |
| 728-738 MHz. |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 3: For  |              |         |              |              |
| each channel |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth of |              |         |              |              |
| each         |              |         |              |              |
| component    |              |         |              |              |
| carrier,     |              |         |              |              |
| refer to     |              |         |              |              |
| Table        |              |         |              |              |
| 5.3.5-1 for  |              |         |              |              |
| the          |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| SCSs. For a  |              |         |              |              |
| given band,  |              |         |              |              |
| not all UE   |              |         |              |              |
| channel      |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidths   |              |         |              |              |
| support the  |              |         |              |              |
| same SCSs.   |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 4: The  |              |         |              |              |
| minimum      |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| only apply   |              |         |              |              |
| for          |              |         |              |              |
| non-         |              |         |              |              |
| simultaneous |              |         |              |              |
| Rx/Tx        |              |         |              |              |
| between all  |              |         |              |              |
| carriers for |              |         |              |              |
| TDD          |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| ombinations. |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 5:      |              |         |              |              |
| Simultaneous |              |         |              |              |
| Rx/Tx        |              |         |              |              |
| capability   |              |         |              |              |
| for TDD      |              |         |              |              |
| combinations |              |         |              |              |
| does not     |              |         |              |              |
| apply for    |              |         |              |              |
| UEs          |              |         |              |              |
| supporting   |              |         |              |              |
| band n78     |              |         |              |              |
| with an n77  |              |         |              |              |
| imp          |              |         |              |              |
| lementation. |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 6: FFS  |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 7:      |              |         |              |              |
| Power Class  |              |         |              |              |
| 2 is allowed |              |         |              |              |
| for this     |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| combination  |              |         |              |              |
| or single    |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| carrier in   |              |         |              |              |
| this         |              |         |              |              |
| dow          |              |         |              |              |
| nlink/uplink |              |         |              |              |
| combination  |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 8: FFS  |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 9:      |              |         |              |              |
| Power Class  |              |         |              |              |
| 1.5 is       |              |         |              |              |
| allowed for  |              |         |              |              |
| single       |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| carrier in   |              |         |              |              |
| this         |              |         |              |              |
| dow          |              |         |              |              |
| nlink/uplink |              |         |              |              |
| combination. |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 10: For |              |         |              |              |
| this         |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth,   |              |         |              |              |
| the minimum  |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| are          |              |         |              |              |
| restricted   |              |         |              |              |
| to operation |              |         |              |              |
| when carrier |              |         |              |              |
| is           |              |         |              |              |
| configured   |              |         |              |              |
| as a         |              |         |              |              |
| downlink     |              |         |              |              |
| SCell part   |              |         |              |              |
| of CA        |              |         |              |              |
| co           |              |         |              |              |
| nfiguration. |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

#### 5.5A.3.3 Configurations for inter-band CA (**four bands)**

Table 5.5A.3.3-1: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations sets
defined for inter-band CA (four bands)

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz)        | set          |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | or single    |         |              |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^4^   |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| CA\_n1A-n    | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n28A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^2^        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90^1^,   |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n    | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^6^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^6^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n    | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48B-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
| CA\_              | \-               | n2  | 5, 10, 15, 20     | 0 |
| n2A-n5A-n48A-n77A |                  |     |                   |   |
+===================+==================+=====+===================+===+
|                   |                  | n5  | 5, 10, 15, 20     |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | 10, 15, 20, 25,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50, 60,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 70, 80, 90, 100   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   | CA\_n2A-n5A      | n2  | 5, 10, 15, 20,    | 1 |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n48A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n77A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n48A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n77A     |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n5  | 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | 10, 15, 20, 25,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50, 60,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 70, 80, 90, 100   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
| CA\_              | CA\_n2A-n5A      | n2  | 5, 10, 15, 20,    | 0 |
| n2A-n5A-n48A-n77C |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n48A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n77A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n48A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n77A     |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n5  | 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | CA\_n77C\_BCS0    |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n2  | 5, 10, 15, 20,    | 1 |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n5  | 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | CA\_n77C\_BCS1    |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
| CA\_              | CA\_n2A-n5A      | n2  | 5, 10, 15, 20     | 0 |
| n2A-n5A-n66A-n77A |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n66A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n77A^5^  |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n66A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n77A^5^  |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n66A-n77A^5^ |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n5  | 5, 10, 15, 20     |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n66 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | 10, 15, 20, 25,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50, 60,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 70, 80, 90, 100   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
| CA\_              | CA\_n77C         | n2  | 5, 10, 15, 20     | 0 |
| n2A-n5A-n66A-n77C |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n5A      |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n66A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n77A^5^  |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n77A^5^  |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n66A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n66A-n77A^5^ |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n5  | 5, 10, 15, 20     |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n66 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | CA\_n77C\_BCS1    |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
| CA\_n             | \-               | n2  | 5, 10, 15, 20     | 0 |
| 2A-n48A-n66A-n77A |                  |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n66 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | 10, 15, 20, 25,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50, 60,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 70, 80, 90, 100   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   | CA\_n2A-n48A     | n2  | 5, 10, 15, 20,    | 1 |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n66A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n77A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n48A-n66A    |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n66A-n77A    |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n66 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | 10, 15, 20, 25,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50, 60,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 70, 80, 90, 100   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
| CA\_n             | \-               | n2  | 5, 10, 15, 20     | 0 |
| 2A-n48A-n66A-n77C |                  |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n66 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | CA\_n77C\_BCS0    |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   | CA\_n2A-n48A     | n2  | 5, 10, 15, 20,    | 1 |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n66A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n2A-n77A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n48A-n66A    |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n66A-n77A    |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n66 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | CA\_n77C\_BCS1    |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n2  | 5, 10, 15, 20,    | 2 |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n66 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | CA\_n77C\_BCS1    |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
| CA\_n             | CA\_n3A-n28A     | n3  | 5, 10, 15, 20,    | 0 |
| 3A-n28A-n40A-n77A |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
|                   | CA\_n3A-n40A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n3A-n77A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n28A-n40A    |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n28A-n77A    |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n40A-n77A    |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n28 | 5, 10, 15, 20, 30 |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n40 | 10, 15, 20, 30,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 40, 50, 60, 80,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 90, 100           |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | 10, 15, 20, 25,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50, 60,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 70, 80, 90, 100   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
| CA\_n             | CA\_n3A-n28A     | n3  | 5, 10, 15, 20,    | 0 |
| 3A-n28A-n41A-n77A |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
|                   | CA\_n3A-n41A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n3A-n77A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n28A-n41A    |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n28A-n77A    |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n41A-n77A    |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n28 | 5, 10, 15, 20, 30 |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n41 | 10, 15, 20, 30,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 40, 50, 60, 80,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 90, 100           |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | 10, 15, 20, 25,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50, 60,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 70, 80, 90, 100   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
| CA\_n             | \-               | n5  | 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 | 0 |
| 5A-n48A-n66A-n77A |                  |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n66 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | 10, 15, 20, 25,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50, 60,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 70, 80, 90, 100   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   | CA\_n5A-n48A     | n5  | 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 | 1 |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n66A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n77A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n48A-n66A    |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n66A-n77A    |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n66 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | 10, 15, 20, 25,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50, 60,   |   |
|                   |                  |     | 70, 80, 90, 100   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
| CA\_n             | CA\_n5A-n48A     | n5  | 5, 10, 15, 20     | 0 |
| 5A-n48A-n66A-n77C |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n66A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n5A-n77A     |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n48A-n66A    |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   | CA\_n66A-n77A    |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n48 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 30, 40, 50^6^,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 60^6^, 70^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 80^6^, 90^6^,     |   |
|                   |                  |     | 100^6^            |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n66 | 5, 10, 15, 20,    |   |
|                   |                  |     | 25, 30, 40        |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
|                   |                  | n77 | CA\_n77C\_BCS1    |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+
| NOTE 1: This UE   |                  |     |                   |   |
| channel bandwidth |                  |     |                   |   |
| is optional in    |                  |     |                   |   |
| this release of   |                  |     |                   |   |
| the               |                  |     |                   |   |
| specification.    |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
| NOTE 2: For the   |                  |     |                   |   |
| 20 MHz bandwidth, |                  |     |                   |   |
| the minimum       |                  |     |                   |   |
| requirements are  |                  |     |                   |   |
| specified for NR  |                  |     |                   |   |
| UL carrier        |                  |     |                   |   |
| frequencies       |                  |     |                   |   |
| confined to       |                  |     |                   |   |
| either            |                  |     |                   |   |
| 713-723 MHz or    |                  |     |                   |   |
| 728-738 MHz.      |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
| NOTE 3: For each  |                  |     |                   |   |
| channel bandwidth |                  |     |                   |   |
| of each component |                  |     |                   |   |
| carrier, refer to |                  |     |                   |   |
| Table 5.3.5-1 for |                  |     |                   |   |
| the applicable    |                  |     |                   |   |
| SCSs. For a given |                  |     |                   |   |
| band, not all UE  |                  |     |                   |   |
| channel           |                  |     |                   |   |
| bandwidths        |                  |     |                   |   |
| support the same  |                  |     |                   |   |
| SCSs.             |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
| NOTE 4: Only      |                  |     |                   |   |
| single uplink     |                  |     |                   |   |
| carriers with     |                  |     |                   |   |
| power class other |                  |     |                   |   |
| than PC3 are      |                  |     |                   |   |
| listed.           |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
| NOTE 5: Minimum   |                  |     |                   |   |
| requirements for  |                  |     |                   |   |
| Power Class 2 are |                  |     |                   |   |
| applicable for    |                  |     |                   |   |
| this uplink       |                  |     |                   |   |
| combination or    |                  |     |                   |   |
| single uplink     |                  |     |                   |   |
| carrier in this   |                  |     |                   |   |
| downlink/uplink   |                  |     |                   |   |
| combination.      |                  |     |                   |   |
|                   |                  |     |                   |   |
| NOTE 6: For this  |                  |     |                   |   |
| bandwidth, the    |                  |     |                   |   |
| minimum           |                  |     |                   |   |
| requirements are  |                  |     |                   |   |
| restricted to     |                  |     |                   |   |
| operation when    |                  |     |                   |   |
| carrier is        |                  |     |                   |   |
| configured as a   |                  |     |                   |   |
| downlink SCell    |                  |     |                   |   |
| part of CA        |                  |     |                   |   |
| configuration.    |                  |     |                   |   |
+-------------------+------------------+-----+-------------------+---+

5.5B Configurations for DC
--------------------------

For an NR-DC configuration specified in Table 5.5B-1, the bandwidth
combination sets for the corresponding NR CA configuration in 5.5A.3,
i.e.,dual uplink inter-band carrier aggregation with uplink assigned to
two NR bands, are applicable to Dual Connectivity. If UE supporting
NR-DC configuration do not support the corresponding CA configuration,
NR-DC configuration is used in CA test cases.

Table 5.5B-1: Inter-band NR-DC configurations (two bands)

+---------------+---------------+
| NR-DC         | Uplink NR-DC  |
|               |               |
| configuration | configuration |
+===============+===============+
| DC\_n48A-n70A | DC\_n48A-n70A |
+---------------+---------------+

5.5C Configurations for SUL
---------------------------

For the NR SUL band configurations with inter-band CA in sub-clause
5.5C, when the capability *supportedBandPairListNR-r18* is present,
three or four bands can be configured in the uplink with simultaneous
uplink transmission on up to two bands, and the corresponding
requirements for SUL band configurations with inter-band CA and with
uplink assigned to one or two bands shall apply. For each uplink band
pair in the NR SUL band configurations with inter-band CA, according to
the capability *uplinkTxSwitchingOptionForBandPair*,

-- if *switchedUL* is supported, uplink transmission on any one band of
the band pair in the band combination shall be supported according to
the scheduling commands, and the corresponding requirements for SUL band
configuration with inter-band CA and with uplink assigned to one band on
band X or band Y apply;

-- if *dualUL* is supported, simultaneous uplink transmission on the two
NR UL bands from the band pair for which *dualUL* is declared in the
band combination shall be supported according to the scheduling
commands, and the corresponding requirements for SUL band configuration
with inter-band CA and with uplink CA between the two uplink bands
apply.

For SUL band configuration with inter-band CA, band pair(s) of two
non-SUL bands with *switchedUL* or *dualUL* by the parameter
*uplinkTxSwitchingOption* is supported, and any other band pair(s)
including SUL with *switchedUL* is supported, in release 18.

Table 5.5C-1: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination

  SUL configuration                                                                NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)                  Bandwidth combination set
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------
  SUL\_n41A-n83A                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100           0
                                                                                   n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                 
  SUL\_n78A-n80A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100               0
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30                             
                                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100   1
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                         
  SUL\_n78A-n81A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100               0
                                                                                   n81       5, 10, 15, 20                                     
                                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100   1
                                                                                   n81       5, 10, 15, 20                                     
  SUL\_n78A-n82A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100               0
                                                                                   n82       5, 10, 15, 20                                     
  SUL\_n78A-n83A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100               0
                                                                                   n83       5, 10, 15, 20                                     
                                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100   1
                                                                                   n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                 
  SUL\_n78A-n84A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100               0
                                                                                   n84       5, 10, 15, 20                                     
                                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100   1
                                                                                   n84       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50                     
  SUL\_n78A-n86A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100           0
                                                                                   n86       5, 10, 15, 20                                     
  SUL\_n79A-n80A                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                               0
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30                             
                                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                               1
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                         
  SUL\_n79A-n81A                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                               0
                                                                                   n81       5, 10, 15, 20                                     
  SUL\_n79A-n83A                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                               0
                                                                                   n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                 
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                               

Table 5.5C-2: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination with
intra-band non-contiguous CA

FFS

Table 5.5C-3: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination with
intra-band contiguous CA

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| SUL band     | SUL          | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| combination  | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| with CA      | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              |              |         | 1)           |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| C            | SU           | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n83A | L\_n41A-n83A |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41C-n83A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n83     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | SU           | n78     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n78C-n80A | L\_n78A-n80A |         | \_n78C\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n78C-n80A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n80     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | SU           | n78     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n78C-n84A | L\_n78A-n84A |         | \_n78C\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n78C-n84A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n84     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | SU           | n79     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n79C-n83A | L\_n79A-n83A |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n79C-n83A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n83     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: The  |              |         |              |              |
| SCS of each  |              |         |              |              |
| channel      |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth    |              |         |              |              |
| for NR band  |              |         |              |              |
| refers to    |              |         |              |              |
| Table        |              |         |              |              |
| 5.3.5-1.     |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

Table 5.5C-4: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination with
inter-band CA

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| SUL band     | SUL          | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| combination  | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| with CA      | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              |              |         | 1)           |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| CA\_n1       | SU           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n78A-n80A | L\_n78A-n80A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n80     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | SU           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n78A-n84A | L\_n78A-n84A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n84     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3       | SU           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n78A-n80A | L\_n78A-n80A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n80     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n28      | SU           | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n83A | L\_n41A-n83A |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n83     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n28      | SU           | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n79A-n83A | L\_n79A-n83A |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n83     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41      | SU           | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n79A-n83A | L\_n79A-n83A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n83     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41      | SU           | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| C\_n79A-n83A | L\_n79A-n83A |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n83     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: The  |              |         |              |              |
| SCS of each  |              |         |              |              |
| channel      |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth    |              |         |              |              |
| for NR band  |              |         |              |              |
| refers to    |              |         |              |              |
| Table        |              |         |              |              |
| 5.3.5-1.     |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
