Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

The present document is part 2 of a multi-part Technical Specification
(TS) covering the New Radio (NR) User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification, which is divided in the following parts:

3GPP TS 38.521-1 \[13\]: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 1: Range 1
Standalone;

**3GPP TS 38.521-2: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance specification;
Radio transmission and reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone;**

3GPP TS 38.521-3 \[14\]: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 3: Range 1 and
Range 2 Interworking operation with other radios;

3GPP TS 38.521-4 \[15\]: NR; User Equipment conformance specification;
Radio transmission and reception; Part 4: Performance;

3GPP TS 38.522 \[16\]: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Applicability of radio transmission, radio reception and
radio resource management test cases;

3GPP TS 38.533 \[17\]: NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio resource management (RRM);

 1 Scope
=======

The present document specifies the measurement procedures for the
conformance test of the user equipment (UE) that contain RF
characteristics for frequency Range 2 as part of the 5G-NR.

The requirements are listed in different clauses only if the
corresponding parameters deviate. More generally, tests are only
applicable to those mobiles that are intended to support the appropriate
functionality. To indicate the circumstances in which tests apply, this
is noted in the \"*definition and applicability*\" part of the test.

For example only Release 15 and later UE declared to support 5G-NR shall
be tested for this functionality. In the event that for some tests
different conditions apply for different releases, this is indicated
within the text of the test itself.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

● References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

● For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

● For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP.TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.101-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 1: Range 1 Standalone\".

\[3\] 3GPP TS 38.101-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone\".

\[4\] 3GPP TS 38.101-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 3: Range 1 and Range 2 Interworking operation with other
radios\".

\[5\] 3GPP TR 38.810: \"Study on test methods for New Radio\".

\[6\] ITU-R Recommendation M.1545: \"Measurement uncertainty as it
applies to test limits for the terrestrial component of International
Mobile Telecommunications-2000\".

\[7\] ITU-R Recommendation SM.329-10: \"Unwanted emissions in the
spurious domain\".

\[8\] FCC 47 CFR Part 30: \"UPPER MICROWAVE FLEXIBLE USE SERVICE,
§30.202 Power limits\".

\[9\] 3GPP TS 38.211: \"NR; Physical channels and modulation\".

\[10\] 3GPP TS [38.508-1](http://www.3gpp.org/DynaReport/38508-1.htm):
\"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance specification; Part 1: Common
test environment\".

\[11\] 3GPP TS [38.508-](http://www.3gpp.org/DynaReport/38508-1.htm)2:
\"5GS; User Equipment (UE) conformance specification; Part 2: Common
Implementation Conformance Statement (ICS) proforma\".

\[12\] 3GPP TS [38.50](http://www.3gpp.org/DynaReport/38508-1.htm)9:
\"5GS; Special conformance testing functions for User Equipment (UE)\".

\[13\] 3GPP TS 38.521-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 1: Range 1
Standalone\".

\[14\] 3GPP TS 38.521-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 3: Range 1 and
Range 2 Interworking operation with other radios\".

\[15\] 3GPP TS 38.521-4: \"NR; User Equipment conformance specification;
Radio transmission and reception; Part 4: Performance\".

\[16\] 3GPP TS [38.5](http://www.3gpp.org/DynaReport/38508-1.htm)22:
\"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance specification; Applicability of
radio transmission, radio reception and radio resource management test
cases\".

\[17\] 3GPP TS 38.533: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio resource management (RRM)\".

\[18\] 3GPP TS 38.300: \"NR; Overall description; Stage 2\".

\[19\] 3GPP TS 38.331: \"NR; Radio Resource Control (RRC); Protocol
specification\".

\[20\] 3GPP TR 38.903: \"NR; Derivation of test tolerances and
measurement uncertainty for User Equipment (UE) conformance tests \".

\[21\] 3GPP TR 38.905: \"NR; Derivation of test points for radio
transmission and reception conformance test cases\".

\[22\] 3GPP TS 38.213: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for control\".

\[23\] 3GPP TS 38.214: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for data\".

\[24\] 3GPP TS 38.215: \"NR; Physical layer measurements\".

\[25\] 3GPP TS 38.133: \"NR; Requirements for support of radio resource
management\".

\[26\] 3GPP TS 38.306: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio access
capabilities\".

\[27\] IEEE Std 149: \"IEEE Standard Test Procedures for Antennas\",
IEEE.

\[28\] 3GPP TS 38.321: \"NR; Medium Access Control (MAC) protocol
specification\".

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same term,
if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

**Aggregated Channel Bandwidth:** The RF bandwidth in which a UE
transmits and receives multiple contiguously aggregated carriers.

**Bidirectional spectrum:** UL/DL common spectrum in which the UE
supports the configuration of uplink or downlink CCs.

**Beam correspondence:** the ability of the UE to select a suitable beam
for UL transmission based on DL measurements with or without relying on
UL beam sweeping.

**Carrier aggregation:** Aggregation of two or more component carriers
in order to support wider transmission bandwidths.

**Carrier aggregation band:** A set of one or more operating bands
across which multiple carriers are aggregated with a specific set of
technical requirements.

**Carrier aggregation bandwidth class:** A class defined by the
aggregated transmission bandwidth configuration and maximum number of
component carriers supported by a UE.

**Carrier aggregation configuration**: A combination of CA operating
band(s) and CA bandwidth class(es) supported by a UE.

NOTE: Carriers aggregated in each band can be contiguous or
non-contiguous.

**Cumulative aggregated channel bandwidth:** The cumulative aggregated
channel bandwidth is defined as the frequency band from the lowest edge
of the lowest CC to the upper edge of the highest CC of all UL and DL
configured CCs.

**EIRP(Link=TX beam peak direction, Meas=Link angle):** measurement of
the EIRP of the UE such that the measurement angle is aligned with the
beam peak direction within an acceptable measurement error uncertainty.
EIRP (indicator to be measured) can be replaced by Frequency, EVM,
carrier Leakage, In-band emission and OBW.

**EIRP(Link=Link angle, Meas=Link angle):** measurement of the UE such
that the link angle is aligned with the measurement angle. EIRP
(indicator to be measured) can be replaced by EIS, Frequency, EVM,
carrier Leakage, In-band emission and OBW.

**EIRP(Link=Spherical coverage grid, Meas=Link angle):** measurement of
the EIRP spherical coverage of the UE such that the EIRP link and
measurement angles are aligned with the directions along the spherical
coverage grid within an acceptable measurement error uncertainty.
Alternatively, the spherical coverage grid can be replaced by the beam
peak search grid as the results from the beam peak search can be re-used
for spherical coverage.

**EIS (effective isotropic sensitivity):** sensitivity for an isotropic
directivity device equivalent to the sensitivity of the discussed device
exposed to an incoming wave from a defined AoA

NOTE 1: The sensitivity is the minimum received power level at which
specific requirement is met.

NOTE 2: Isotropic directivity is equal in all directions (i.e. 0 dBi).

**EIS(Link=RX beam peak direction, Meas=Link angle):** measurement of
the EIS of the UE such that the measurement angle is aligned with the RX
beam peak direction within an acceptable measurement error uncertainty.

**Fallback group:** Group of carrier aggregation bandwidth classes for
which it is mandatory for a UE to be able to fallback to lower order CA
bandwidth class configuration. It is not mandatory for a UE to be able
to fallback to lower order CA bandwidth class configuration that belongs
to a different fallback group.

**FWA UE:** A UE intended to be used in fixed wireless access scenario.

**Handheld UE:** A UE intended to be used in handheld scenario.

**IBM (Independent Beam Management):** A UE that supports inter-band CA
with IBM selects its DL and UL beam(s) for all CCs in each configured
band based on DL reference signals measurements made in that band.

**Inter-band carrier aggregation:** Carrier aggregation of component
carriers in different operating bands.

NOTE: Carriers aggregated in each band can be contiguous or
non-contiguous.

**Intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation:** Contiguous carriers
aggregated in the same operating band.

**Intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation:** Non-contiguous
carriers aggregated in the same operating band.

**Link angle:** a DL-signal AoA from the view point of the UE, as
described in Annex N. If the beam lock function is used to lock the UE
beam(s), the link angle can become any arbitrary AoA once the beam lock
has been activated.

**Measurement angle:** the angle of measurement of the desired metric
from the view point of the UE, as described in Annex N.

**radiated interface boundary**: operating band specific radiated
requirements reference point where the radiated requirements apply.

**radiated requirements reference point**: for the RF measurement setup,
the radiated requirements reference point is located at the centre of
the quiet zone. From the UE perspective the reference point is the input
of the UE antenna array.

**RedCap UE: The UE with reduced capabilities as defined in clause
4.2.21.1 from TS38.306 \[26\]**

**RX beam peak direction**: direction where the maximum total component
of RSRP and thus best total component of EIS is found.

**Sub-block:** This is one contiguous allocated block of spectrum for
transmission and reception by the same UE. There may be multiple
instances of sub-blocks within an RF bandwidth.

**TRP(Link=TX beam peak direction, Meas=TRP grid):** measurement of the
TRP of the UE such that the measurement angles are aligned with the
directions of the TRP grid points within an acceptable measurement
uncertainty while the link angle is aligned with the TX beam peak
direction

NOTE: For requirements based on EIRP/EIS, the radiated interface
boundary is associated to the far-field region.

**TX beam peak direction:** direction where the maximum total component
of EIRP is found.

**UE transmission bandwidth configuration:** Set of resource blocks
located within the UE channel bandwidth which may be used for
transmitting or receiving by the UE.

**Vehicular UE:** A UE embedded in a vehicle.

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

∆EIRP~BC~ The beam correspondence tolerance, where ∆EIRP~BC~ = EIRP~2~
-- EIRP~1~

ΔF~Global~ Granularity of the global frequency raster

ΔF~Raster~ Band dependent channel raster granularity

Δf~OOB~ Δ Frequency of Out Of Band emission

ΔMB~P,n~ Allowed relaxation to each, minimum peak EIRP and reference
sensitivity due to support for multi-band operation, per band in a
combination of supported bands

ΔMB~S,n~ Allowed relaxation to each, EIRP spherical coverage and EIS
spherical coverage due to support for multi-band operation, per band in
a combination of supported bands

Δ~RB~ The starting frequency offset between the allocated RB and the
measured non-allocated RB

ΔR~IB~ Allowed reference sensitivity relaxation due to support for
inter-band CA operation

ΔRIBC Allowed reference sensitivity relaxation due to support for
intra-band contiguous CA operation

ΔRIBNC Allowed reference sensitivity relaxation due to support for
intra-band non-contiguous CA operation

ΔR~IB,P,n~ Allowed relaxation to reference sensitivity due to support
for inter-band CA operation, per band in a combination of supported
bands

ΔTIB Allowed relaxation to EIRP requirements due to support for
inter-band CA operation

ΔTIB,P,n Allowed relaxation to peak EIRP requirements due to support for
inter-band CA operation, per supported band in a combination.

ΔTIB,S,n Allowed relaxation to EIRP spherical coverage due to support
for inter-band CA operation, per supported band in a combination.

ΔR~IB,S,n~ Allowed relaxation to EIS spherical coverage due to support
for inter-band CA operation, per band in a combination of supported
bands

∑MB~P~ Total allowed relaxation to each, minimum peak EIRP and reference
sensitivity due to support for multi-band operation, for all bands in a
combination of supported bands

∑MB~S~ Total allowed relaxation to each, EIRP spherical coverage and EIS
spherical coverage due to support for multi-band operation, for all
bands in a combination of supported bands

BW~Channel~ Channel bandwidth

BW~Channel\_CA~ Aggregated channel bandwidth, expressed in MHz.

BW~GB~ max( BW~GB,Channel(k)~ )

BW~GB,Channel(k)~ Minimum guardband defined in clause 5.3A.2 of carrier
k

BW~interferer~ Bandwidth of the interferer

Ceil(x) Rounding upwards; ceil(x) is the smallest integer such that
ceil(x) ≥ x

EIRP~max~ The applicable maximum EIRP as specified in clause 6.2.1

EIRP~1~ The measured total EIRP based on the beam the UE chooses
autonomously (corresponding beam) to transmit in the direction of the
incoming DL signal, which is based on beam correspondence without
relying on UL beam sweeping

EIRP~2~ The measured total EIRP based on the beam yielding highest EIRP
in a given direction, which is based on beam correspondence with relying
on UL beam sweeping

F~C~ *RF reference frequency for the carrier center* on the channel
raster, given in table 5.4.2.2-1

**F~C,block,\ high~** Fc of the highest transmitted/received carrier in
a sub-block.

**F~C,block,\ low~** Fc of the lowest transmitted/received carrier in a
sub-block.

F~C,\ high~ The Fc of the highest carrier, expressed in MHz.

F~C,\ low~ The Fc of the lowest carrier, expressed in MHz.

F~DL\_high~ The highest frequency of the downlink *operating band*

F~DL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the downlink *operating band*

F~edge,block,high~ The upper sub-block edge, where F~edge,block,high~ =
F~C,block,high~ + F~offset,\ high.~

F~edge,block,low~ The lower sub-block edge, where F~edge,block,low~ =
F~C,block,low~ - F~offset,\ low.~

F~edge,\ high~ The upper edge of *Aggregated* *Channel Bandwidth*,
expressed in MHz. F~edge,\ high~ = F~C,\ high~ + F~offset,\ high.~

F~edge,\ low~ The lower edge of *Aggregated Channel Bandwidth*,
expressed in MHz. F~edge,\ low~ = F~C,\ low~ - F~offset,\ low.~

F~Interferer~ Frequency of the interferer

F~Interferer~ (offset) Frequency offset of the interferer (between the
center frequency of the interferer and the carrier frequency of the
carrier measured)

F~Ioffset~ Frequency offset of the interferer (between the center
frequency of the interferer and the closest edge of the carrier
measured)

Floor(x) Rounding downwards; floor(x) is the greatest integer such that
floor(x) ≤ x

F~OOB~ The boundary between the NR out of band emission and spurious
emission domains

F~offset,\ high~ Frequency offset from F~C,\ high~ to the upper *UE RF
Bandwidth edge*, or from **F~C,block,\ high\ ~**to the upper sub-block
edge

F~offset,\ low~ Frequency offset from F~C,\ low~ to the lower *UE RF
Bandwidth edge*, or from **F~C,block,\ low\ ~**to the lower sub-block
edge

F~REF~ RF reference frequency

F~REF-Offs~ Offset used for calculating F~REF~

F~UL\_high~ The highest frequency of the uplink *operating band*

F~UL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the uplink *operating band*

F~UL\_Meas~ The sub-carrier frequency for which the equalizer
coefficient is evaluated

F\_center The center frequency of an allocated block of PRBs

GB~Channel~ Minimum guardband defined in clause 5.3.3, expressed in kHz

L~CRB~ Transmission bandwidth which represents the length of a
contiguous resource block allocation expressed in units of resources
blocks

L~CRB,Max~ Maximum number of RB for a given Channel bandwidth and
sub-carrier spacing

Max() The largest of given numbers

Min() The smallest of given numbers

MPR~f,c~ Maximum output power reduction for carrier *f* of serving cell
*c*

MPR~narrow~ Maximum output power reduction due to narrow PRB allocation

MPR~WT~ Maximum power reduction due to modulation orders, transmit
bandwidth configurations, waveform types

NR~ACLR~ NR ACLR

N~RB~ Transmission bandwidth configuration, expressed in units of
resource blocks

N~RB,high~ Transmission bandwidth configurations according to Table
5.3.2-1 for the highest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.1

N~RB,low~ Transmission bandwidth configurations according to Table
5.3.2-1 for the lowest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.1

N~REF~ NR Absolute Radio Frequency Channel Number (NR-ARFCN)

N~REF-Offs~ Offset used for calculating N~REF~

*n*~PRB~ Physical resource block number

P~CMAX~ The configured maximum UE output power

P~CMAX~, *~f~*, *~c~* The configured maximum UE output power for carrier
*f* of serving cell *c*

P~int~ The intermediate power point as defined in Table 6.3.4.2.3-2

P~Interferer~ Modulated mean power of the interferer

P~max~ The maximum UE output power as specified in clause 6.2.1

P~min~ The minimum UE output power as specified in clause 6.3.1

P~PowerClass~ Nominal UE power class (i.e., no tolerance) as specified
in clause 6.2.1

P~RB~ The transmitted power per allocated RB, measured in dBm

P~TMAX,f,c~ The measured total radiated power for carrier *f* of serving
cell *c*

P~UMAX~ The measured configured maximum UE output power

Pw Power of a wanted DL signal

P-MPR~f,c~ The Power Management UE Maximum Power Reduction for carrier
*f* of serving cell *c*

RB~start~ Indicates the lowest RB index of transmitted resource blocks

SCS~high~ SCS for the highest assigned component carrier in clause
5.3A.1, expressed in kHz

SCS~low~ SCS for the lowest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.1,
expressed in kHz

SS~REF~ SS block reference frequency position

TRP~max~ The maximum TRP for the UE power class as specified in clause
6.2.1

T(∆P) The tolerance T(∆P) for applicable values of ∆P (values in dB)

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in TR
21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

ACLR Adjacent Channel Leakage Ratio

ACS Adjacent Channel Selectivity

AoA Angle of Arrival

A-MPR Additional Maximum Power Reduction

BCS Bandwidth Combination Set

BPSK Binary Phase-Shift Keying

BS Base Station

BW Bandwidth

BWP Bandwidth Part

CA Carrier Aggregation

CABW Cumulative Aggregated Channel Bandwidth

CA\_nX-nY Inter-band CA of component carrier(s) in one sub-block within
Band nX and component carrier(s) in one sub-block within Band nY where
nX and nY are the applicable NR *operating band*

CC Component Carrier

CDF Cumulative Distribution Function

CP-OFDM Cyclic Prefix-OFDM

CW Continuous Wave

DFT-s-OFDM Discrete Fourier Transform-spread-OFDM

DL Downlink

DM-RS Demodulation Reference Signal

DTX Discontinuous Transmission

DUT Device Under Test

EIRP Effective Isotropic Radiated Power

EIS Effective Isotropic Sensitivity

EVM Error Vector Magnitude

FR Frequency Range

FWA Fixed Wireless Access

GSCN Global Synchronization Channel Number

IBB In-band Blocking

IBM Independent Beam Management

IDFT Inverse Discrete Fourier Transformation

ITU‑R Radio communication Sector of the International Telecommunication
Union

MBW Measurement bandwidth defined for the protected band

MPR Allowed maximum power reduction

NR New Radio

NR/5GC NR connected to 5GC

NR-ARFCN NR Absolute Radio Frequency Channel Number

NS Network Signalling

OCNG OFDMA Channel Noise Generator

OOB Out-of-band

OTA Over The Air

PRB Physical Resource Block

P-MPR Power Management Maximum Power Reduction

QAM Quadrature Amplitude Modulation

RB Resource Blocks

RedCap Reduced Capability

REFSENS Reference Sensitivity

RF Radio Frequency

RIB Radiated Interface Boundary

RMS Root Mean Square (value)

RSRP Reference Signal Receiving Power

Rx Receiver

SCS Subcarrier Spacing

SEM Spectrum Emission Mask

SRS Sounding Reference Symbol

SS Synchronization Symbol / System Simulator

TDD Time Division Duplex

TPC Transmission Power Control

TRP Total Radiated Power

Tx Transmitter

UE User Equipment

UL Uplink

UL MIMO Uplink Multiple Antenna transmission

ULFPTx Uplink Full Power Transmission

4 General
=========

4.1 Relationship between minimum requirements and test requirements
-------------------------------------------------------------------

The TS 38.101-2 \[3\] is a Single-RAT specification for NR UE, covering
RF characteristics and minimum performance requirements. Conformance to
the TS 38.101-2 \[3\] is demonstrated by fulfilling the test
requirements specified in the present document.

The Minimum Requirements given in TS 38.101-2 \[3\] make no allowance
for measurement uncertainty (MU). The measurement uncertainty defines in
TR 38.903 \[20\]. The present document defines test tolerances (TT).
These test tolerances are individually calculated for each test. The
test tolerances are used to relax the minimum requirements in the TS
38.101-2 \[3\] to create test requirements. For some requirements,
including regulatory requirements, the test tolerance is set to zero.

The measurement results returned by the test system are compared -
without any modification - against the test requirements as defined by
various levels of \"Shared Risk\" principle as described below.

a\) Core specification value is not relaxed by any relaxation value
(TT=0). For each single measurement, the probability of a borderline
good UE being judged as FAIL equals the probability of a borderline bad
UE being judged as PASS.

\- Test tolerances equal to 0 (TT=0) are considered in this
specification.

b\) Core specification value is relaxed by a relaxation value (TT\>0).
For each single measurement, the probability of a borderline bad UE
being judged as PASS is greater than the probability of a borderline
good UE being judged as FAIL.

\- Test tolerances lower than measurement uncertainty and greater than 0
(0 \< TT \< MU) are considered in this specification.

\- Test tolerances high up to measurement uncertainty (TT = MU) are
considered in this specification which is also known as "Never fail a
good DUT" principle.

c\) Core specification value is tightened by a stringent value (TT\<0).
For each single measurement, the probability of a borderline good UE
being judged as FAIL is greater than the probability of a borderline bad
UE being judged as PASS.

\- Test tolerances lower than 0 (TT\<0) are not considered in this
specification.

The "Never fail a good DUT" and the "Shared Risk" principles are defined
in Recommendation ITU R M.1545 \[6\].

4.2 Applicability of minimum requirements
-----------------------------------------

a\) In TS 38.101-2 \[3\] the Minimum Requirements are specified as
general requirements and additional requirements. Where the Requirement
is specified as a general requirement, the requirement is mandated to be
met in all scenarios.

b\) For specific scenarios for which an additional requirement is
specified, in addition to meeting the general requirement, the UE is
mandated to meet the additional requirements.

c\) The spurious emissions power requirements are for the long-term
average of the power. For the purpose of reducing measurement
uncertainty it is acceptable to average the measured power over a period
of time sufficient to reduce the uncertainty due to the statistical
nature of the signal.

d\) All the requirements for intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous CA
apply under the assumption of the same slot format indicated by
TDD-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon and TDD-UL-DL-ConfigurationDedicated in
the PCell and SCells for NR/5GC.

For FR2 intra-band CA configurations with multiple FR2 sub-blocks, where
at least one of the sub-blocks is a contiguous CA configuration:

\- if the field *partialFR2-FallbackRX-Req* is not present, the UE shall
meet all applicable UE RF requirements for the highest order CA
configuration and all associated fallback CA configurations;

\- if the field *partialFR2-FallbackRX-Req* is present, for each FR2
intra-band CA configuration with multiple sub-blocks that the UE
indicates support for explicitly in UE capability signalling: the in-gap
UE RF requirements in clauses 7.5A, 7.5D, 7.6A, 7.6D apply as the
equivalent requirements for the associated fallback CA configurations
with the same number of sub-blocks, where at least one of the sub-blocks
consists of a contiguous CA configuration. The UE shall meet all
applicable UE RF requirements for fallback CA configurations with a
lesser number of sub-blocks;

\- regardless of the field *partialFR2-FallbackRX-Req*, the UE shall
meet all DL out-of-gap requirements for all lower order fallback CA
configurations.

4.3 Specification suffix information
------------------------------------

Unless stated otherwise the following suffixes are used for indicating
at 2^nd^ level clause, shown in Table 4.3-1.

Table 4.3-1: Definition of suffixes

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Clause suffix                    | Variant                          |
+==================================+==================================+
| None                             | Single Carrier                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| A                                | Carrier Aggregation (CA)         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| B                                | Dual-Connectivity (DC)           |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| C                                | Supplement Uplink (SUL)          |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| D                                | UL MIMO                          |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| K                                | Simultaneous reception or        |
|                                  | transmission in multiple         |
|                                  | directions                       |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE: Suffix D in this           |                                  |
| specification represents either  |                                  |
| polarized UL MIMO or spatial UL  |                                  |
| MIMO. RF requirements are same.  |                                  |
| If UE supports both kinds of UL  |                                  |
| MIMO, then RF requirements only  |                                  |
| need to be verified under either |                                  |
| polarized or spatial UL MIMO.    |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE: Suffix K applies to        |                                  |
| simultaneous reception or        |                                  |
| transmission with different      |                                  |
| TCI-states and different         |                                  |
| QCL-Type D reference signals     |                                  |
| across the TCI-states            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

4.4 Test point analysis
-----------------------

The information on test point analysis and test point selection
including number of test points for each test case is shown in TR 38.905
\[21\] clause 4.2.

4.5 Applicability and test coverage rules
-----------------------------------------

The applicability and test coverage rules for NR/5GC and EN-DC capable
devices shall include the following:

If a test case for a FR2 NR band in a device is tested in EN-DC mode for
non-exceptional requirement as per TS 38.521-3 \[14\], it shall fulfil
the coverage requirement for that test case for NR/5GC FR2 test
requirements for that NR band and need not be retested.

5 Operating bands and channel arrangement
=========================================

5.1 General
-----------

The channel arrangements presented in this clause are based on the
operating bands and channel bandwidths defined in the present release of
specifications.

NOTE: Other operating bands and channel bandwidths may be considered in
future releases.

Requirements throughout the RF specifications are in many cases defined
separately for different frequency ranges (FR). The frequency ranges in
which NR can operate according to this version of the specification are
identified as described in Table 5.1-1.

Table 5.1-1: Definition of frequency ranges

  Frequency range designation   Corresponding frequency range
  ----------------------------- -------------------------------
  FR1                           410 MHz -- 7125 MHz
  FR2                           24250 MHz -- 52600 MHz

This test specification covers FR2 operating bands.

For the purpose of derivation of Maximum Test System Uncertainty (MTSU)
in Annex F, the frequency range FR2 is further divided into sub-ranges
as shown in Table 5.1-2. These FR2 sub-ranges are also referred to as
part of definition of test tolerance within the individual test cases.

Table 5.1-2: Definition of frequency sub-ranges

  Frequency sub-range designation                                                           Corresponding frequency range
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------
  FR2a                                                                                      23.45 GHz ≤ f \< 32.125 GHz
  FR2b                                                                                      32.125 GHz ≤ f \< 40.8 GHz
  FR2c^1^                                                                                   40.8GHz ≤ f \< 44.3GHz
  FR2d                                                                                      44.3 GHz ≤ f \< 49.0 GHz
  NOTE 1: MTSU/TT/relaxation for FR2c is applied to all over the frequency range of n259.   

5.2 Operating bands
-------------------

NR is designed to operate in the FR2 operating bands defined in
Table 5.2-1.

Table 5.2-1: NR operating bands in FR2

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Operating Band                                                                            Uplink (UL) operating band\   Downlink (DL) operating band\   Duplex Mode                                
                                                                                            BS receive\                   BS transmit\                                                               
                                                                                            UE transmit                   UE receive                                                                 
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- ------------------------------- ------------- ----------- ---- ----------- -----
                                                                                            F~UL\_low~ -- F~UL\_high~     F~DL\_low~ -- F~DL\_high~                                                  

  n257                                                                                      26500 MHz                     --                              29500 MHz     26500 MHz   --   29500 MHz   TDD

  n258                                                                                      24250 MHz                     --                              27500 MHz     24250 MHz   --   27500 MHz   TDD

  n259^1^                                                                                   39500 MHz                     --                              43500 MHz     39500 MHz   --   43500 MHz   TDD

  n260                                                                                      37000 MHz                     --                              40000 MHz     37000 MHz   --   40000 MHz   TDD

  n261                                                                                      27500 MHz                     --                              28350 MHz     27500 MHz   --   28350 MHz   TDD

  NOTE 1: MTSU/TT/relaxation for FR2c is applied to all over the frequency range of n259.                                                                                                            
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.2A Operating bands for CA
---------------------------

### 5.2A.1 Intra-band CA

NR intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous carrier aggregation is
designed to operate in the operating bands defined in Table 5.2A.1-1,
where all operating bands are within FR2.

Table 5.2A.1-1: Intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous CA operating
bands in FR2

+------------+---------------+
| NR CA Band | NR Band       |
|            |               |
|            | (Table 5.2-1) |
+============+===============+
| CA\_n257   | n257          |
+------------+---------------+
| CA\_n258   | n258          |
+------------+---------------+
| CA\_n260   | n260          |
+------------+---------------+
| CA\_n261   | n261          |
+------------+---------------+

### 5.2A.2 Void

### 5.2A.3 Inter-band CA

NR inter-band carrier aggregation is designed to operate in the
operating bands defined in Table 5.2A.2-1, where all operating bands are
within FR2.

Beam management type is according to UE capability declaration *IE
beamManagementType-r16*. The requirements in the following clauses are
only applicable to inter-band CA with IBM type.

Table 5.2A.3-1: Inter-band CA operating bands in FR2

+---------------+---------------+
| NR CA Band    | NR Band       |
|               |               |
|               | (Table 5.2-1) |
+===============+===============+
| CA\_n260-n261 | n260, n261    |
+---------------+---------------+

5.2D Operating bands for UL MIMO
--------------------------------

NR UL MIMO is designed to operate in the operating bands defined in
Table 5.2D-1.

Table 5.2D-1: NR UL MIMO operating bands

+------------------------+
| UL MIMO operating band |
|                        |
| (Table 5.2-1)          |
+========================+
| n257                   |
+------------------------+
| n258                   |
+------------------------+
| n259                   |
+------------------------+
| n260                   |
+------------------------+
| n261                   |
+------------------------+

5.3 UE Channel bandwidth
------------------------

### 5.3.1 General

The UE channel bandwidth supports a single NR RF carrier in the uplink
or downlink at the UE. From a BS perspective, different UE channel
bandwidths may be supported within the same spectrum for transmitting to
and receiving from UEs connected to the BS. Transmission of multiple
carriers to the same UE (CA) or multiple carriers to different UEs
within the BS channel bandwidth can be supported.

From a UE perspective, the UE is configured with one or more BWP /
carriers, each with its own UE channel bandwidth. The UE does not need
to be aware of the BS channel bandwidth or how the BS allocates
bandwidth to different UEs.

The placement of the UE channel bandwidth for each UE carrier is
flexible but can only be completely within the BS channel bandwidth.

The relationship between the channel bandwidth, the guardband and the
transmission bandwidth configuration is shown in Figure 5.3.1-1.

![](./media/image1.emf)

Figure 5.3.1-1: Definition of channel bandwidth and transmission
bandwidth configuration for one NR channel

### 5.3.2 Maximum transmission bandwidth configuration

The maximum transmission bandwidth configuration N~RB~ for each UE
channel bandwidth and subcarrier spacing is specified in Table 5.3.2-1

Table 5.3.2-1: Maximum transmission bandwidth configuration N~RB~

  ----------- -------- --------- --------- ---------
  SCS (kHz)   50 MHz   100 MHz   200 MHz   400 MHz
              N~RB~    N~RB~     N~RB~     N~RB~
  60          66       132       264       N/A
  120         32       66        132       264
  ----------- -------- --------- --------- ---------

### 5.3.3 Minimum guardband and transmission bandwidth configuration

The minimum guardband for each UE channel bandwidth and SCS is specified
in Table 5.3.3-1.

Table 5.3.3-1: Minimum guardband for each UE channel bandwidth and SCS
(kHz)

  ----------- -------- --------- --------- ---------
  SCS (kHz)   50 MHz   100 MHz   200 MHz   400 MHz
  60          1210     2450      4930      N/A
  120         1900     2420      4900      9860
  ----------- -------- --------- --------- ---------

NOTE: The minimum guardbands have been calculated using the following
equation: GBchannel = (BW~Channel~ x 1000 (kHz) - N~RB~ x SCS x 12) / 2
- SCS/2, where N~RB~ are from Table 5.3.2-1 and GBchannel expressed in
kHz.

The minimum guardband of receiving BS SCS 240 kHz SS/PBCH block for each
UE channel bandwidth is specified in table 5.3.3-2 for FR2.

Table: 5.3.3-2: Minimum guardband (kHz) of SCS 240 kHz SS/PBCH block

  ----------- --------- --------- ---------
  SCS (kHz)   100 MHz   200 MHz   400 MHz
  240         3800      7720      15560
  ----------- --------- --------- ---------

NOTE: The minimum guardband in Table 5.3.3-2 is applicable only when the
SCS 240 kHz SS/PBCH block is received adjacent to the edge of the UE
channel bandwidth within which the SS/PBCH block is located.

Figure 5.3.3-1: Void

The number of RBs configured in any channel bandwidth shall ensure that
the minimum guardband specified in this clause is met.

![](./media/image2.png)

Figure 5.3.3-2: UE PRB utilization

In the case that multiple numerologies are multiplexed in the same
symbol due to BS transmission of SSB, the minimum guardband on each side
of the carrier is the guardband applied at the configured channel
bandwidth for the numerology that is transmitted immediately adjacent to
the guardband.

If multiple numerologies are multiplexed in the same symbol and the UE
channel bandwidth is \>200 MHz, the minimum guardband applied adjacent
to 60 kHz SCS shall be the same as the minimum guardband defined for 120
kHz SCS for the same UE channel bandwidth.

![](./media/image3.png)

Figure 5.3.3-3: Guardband definition when transmitting multiple
numerologies

NOTE: Figure 5.3.3-3 is not intended to imply the size of any guard
between the two numerologies. Inter-numerology guardband within the
carrier is implementation dependent.

### 5.3.4 RB alignment

For each numerology, its common resource blocks are specified in clause
4.4.4.3 in \[9\], and the starting point of its transmission bandwidth
configuration on the common resource block grid for a given channel
bandwidth is indicated by an offset to "Reference point A" in the unit
of the numerology The *UE transmission bandwidth configuration* is
indicated by the higher layer parameter *carrierBandwidth \[19\] and
will* fulfil the minimum UE guardband requirement specified in clause
5.3.3.

### 5.3.5 Channel bandwidth per operating band

The requirements in this specification apply to the combination of
channel bandwidths, SCS and operating bands shown in Table 5.3.5-1. The
transmission bandwidth configuration in Table 5.3.2-1 shall be supported
for each of the specified channel bandwidths. The channel bandwidths are
specified for both the Tx and Rx path.

Table 5.3.5-1: Channel bandwidths for each NR band

+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
| Operating band |     |        |         |     |            |
| / SCS / UE     |     |        |         |     |            |
| channel        |     |        |         |     |            |
| bandwidth      |     |        |         |     |            |
+================+=====+========+=========+=====+============+
| Operating band | SCS | 50 MHz | 100 MHz | 200 | 400^2^ MHz |
|                |     |        |         |     |            |
|                | kHz |        |         | MHz |            |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
| n257           | 60  | Yes    | Yes     | Yes | N/A        |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
|                | 120 | Yes    | Yes     | Yes | Yes        |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
| n258           | 60  | Yes    | Yes     | Yes | N/A        |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
|                | 120 | Yes    | Yes     | Yes | Yes        |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
| n259           | 60  | Yes    | Yes     | Yes | N/A        |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
|                | 120 | Yes    | Yes     | Yes | Yes        |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
| n260           | 60  | Yes    | Yes     | Yes | N/A        |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
|                | 120 | Yes    | Yes     | Yes | Yes        |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
| n261           | 60  | Yes    | Yes     | Yes | N/A        |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
|                | 120 | Yes    | Yes     | Yes | Yes        |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+
| NOTE 1: For    |     |        |         |     |            |
| test           |     |        |         |     |            |
| configuration  |     |        |         |     |            |
| tables from    |     |        |         |     |            |
| the            |     |        |         |     |            |
| transmitter    |     |        |         |     |            |
| and receiver   |     |        |         |     |            |
| tests in       |     |        |         |     |            |
| Section 6 and  |     |        |         |     |            |
| 7 that refer   |     |        |         |     |            |
| to this table  |     |        |         |     |            |
| and indicate   |     |        |         |     |            |
| test SCS to    |     |        |         |     |            |
| use, if        |     |        |         |     |            |
| referenced SCS |     |        |         |     |            |
| value is not   |     |        |         |     |            |
| supported by   |     |        |         |     |            |
| the UE in UL   |     |        |         |     |            |
| and/or DL,     |     |        |         |     |            |
| select the     |     |        |         |     |            |
| closest SCS    |     |        |         |     |            |
| supported by   |     |        |         |     |            |
| the UE in both |     |        |         |     |            |
| UL and DL.     |     |        |         |     |            |
|                |     |        |         |     |            |
| NOTE 2: This   |     |        |         |     |            |
| UE channel     |     |        |         |     |            |
| bandwidth is   |     |        |         |     |            |
| optional in    |     |        |         |     |            |
| this release   |     |        |         |     |            |
| of the         |     |        |         |     |            |
| specification. |     |        |         |     |            |
+----------------+-----+--------+---------+-----+------------+

5.3A UE Channel bandwidth for CA
--------------------------------

### 5.3A.1 General

TBD

### 5.3A.2 Minimum guardband and transmission bandwidth configuration for CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, *Aggregated Channel
Bandwidth* and *Guard Bands* are defined as follows, see Figure
5.3A.2-1.

Figure 5.3A.2-1: Definition of *Aggregated Channel Bandwidth* for
intra-band carrier aggregation

The *aggregated channel bandwidth,* **BW~Channel\_CA~**, is defined as

BW~Channel\_CA~ = F~edge,high~ - F~edge,low~ (MHz).

The lower bandwidth edge F~edge,\ low~ and the upper bandwidth edge
F~edge,high~ of the aggregated channel bandwidth are used as frequency
reference points for transmitter and receiver requirements and are
defined by

F~edge,low~ = F~C,low~ - F~offset,low~

F~edge,high~ = F~C,high~ + F~offset,high~

The lower and upper frequency offsets depend on the transmission
bandwidth configurations of the lowest and highest assigned edge
component carrier and are defined as

F~offset,low~ = (N~RB,low~\*12 + 1)\*SCS~low~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

F~offset,high~ = (N~RB,high~\*12 - 1)\*SCS~high~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

BW~GB~ = max(BW~GB,Channel(k)~)

N~RB,low~ and N~RB,high~ are the transmission bandwidth configurations
according to Table 5.3.2-1 for the lowest and highest assigned component
carrier, SCS~low~ and SCS~high~ are the sub-carrier spacing for the
lowest and highest assigned component carrier respectively. SCS~low~,
SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ use the largest
μ value among the subcarrier spacing configurations supported in the
operating band for both of the channel bandwidths according to Table
5.3.5-1 and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ is the minimum guard band for carrier k
according to Table 5.3.3-1 for the said *μ* value.

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation *Sub-block Bandwidth*
and *Sub-block edges* are defined as follows, see Figure 5.3A.2-2.

Figure 5.3A.2-2: Definition of sub-block bandwidth for intra-band
non-contiguous spectrum

The lower sub-block edge of the Sub-block Bandwidth (BW~Channel,block~)
is defined as

F~edge,block,\ low~ = F~C,block,low~ - F~offset,\ low.~

The upper sub-block edge of the Sub-block Bandwidth is defined as

F~edge,block,high~ = F~C,block,high~ + F~offset,\ high.~

The Sub-block Bandwidth, BW~Channel,block~, is defined as follows:

BW~Channel,block~ = F~edge,block,high\ -~ F~edge,block,low~ (MHz)

The lower and upper frequency offsets F~offset,block,low~ and
F~offset,block,high~ depend on the transmission bandwidth configurations
of the lowest and highest assigned edge component carriers within a
sub-block and are defined as

F~offset,block,low~ = (N~RB,low~\*12 + 1)\*SCS~low~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

F~offset,block,high~ = (N~RB,high~\*12 - 1)\*SCS~high~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

BW~GB~ = max(BW~GB,Channel(k)~)

where N~RB,low~ and N~RB,high~ are the transmission bandwidth
configurations according to Table 5.3.2-1 for the lowest and highest
assigned component carrier within a sub-block, respectively. SCS~low~,
SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ use the largest
μ value among the subcarrier spacing configurations supported in the
operating band for both of the channel bandwidths according to Table
5.3.5-1 and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ is the minimum guard band for carrier k
according to Table 5.3.3-1 for the said *μ* value.SCS~low~ and SCS~high~
are the sub-carrier spacing for the lowest and highest assigned
component carrier within a sub-block, respectively.

The sub-block gap size between two consecutive sub-blocks W~gap~ is
defined as

W~gap~ = F~edge,block\ n+1,low\ -~ F~edge,block\ n,high~ (MHz)

### 5.3A.3 RB alignment with different numerologies for CA

TBD

### 5.3A.4 UE channel bandwidth per operating band for CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, a carrier aggregation
configuration is a single operating band supporting a carrier
aggregation bandwidth class with associated bandwidth combination sets
specified in clause 5.5A.1. For each carrier aggregation configuration,
requirements are specified for all aggregated channel bandwidths
contained in a bandwidth combination set, UE can indicate support of
several bandwidth combination sets per carrier aggregation
configuration. The requirements are applicable only when Uplink CCs are
configured within the frequency range between lower edge of lowest
downlink component carrier and upper edge of highest downlink component
carrier.

For intra-band non-contiguous downlink carrier aggregation, a carrier
aggregation configuration is a single operating band supporting two or
more sub-blocks, each supporting a carrier aggregation bandwidth class.
The requirements are applicable only when Uplink CCs are configured
within the frequency range between lower edge of lowest downlink
component carrier and upper edge of highest downlink component carrier.

Frequency separation class specified in Table 5.3A.4-2 indicates the
maximum frequency span between lower edge of lowest component carrier
and upper edge of highest component carrier that UE can support per band
in downlink or uplink respectively in non-contiguous intra-band
operation.

The DL-only frequency spectrum is the width of UE frequency spectrum
available to network to configure DL CCs only, and it extends on
one-side of the bidirectional spectrum in contiguous manner with no
frequency gap between the two. Frequency separation class for DL-only
spectrum (Fsd) specified in Table 5.3A.4-3 and is declared per band. The
frequency separation class for DL-only spectrum (Fsd) can be equal but
not larger than the frequency separation (DL Fs). The combined downlink
spectrum (DL Fs + Fsd) cannot exceed 2400 MHz. A UE may configure
DL-only spectrum only if the combined downlink spectrum (DL Fs + Fsd)
exceeds 1400 MHz. When a UE configures DL-only spectrum, it shall not
expect a CC to be configured across the boundary between bidirectional
spectrum and DL-only spectrum UE can support respectively.

For inter-band carrier aggregation, a carrier aggregation configuration
is a combination of operating bands, each supporting a carrier
aggregation bandwidth class.

Table 5.3A.4-1: CA bandwidth classes

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR CA          | Aggregated     | Number of      | Fallback group |
| bandwidth      | channel        | contiguous CC  |                |
| class          | bandwidth      |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| A              | BW~Channel~ ≤  | 1              | 1,2,3,4        |
|                | 400 MHz        |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| B              | 400 MHz \<     | 2              | 1              |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 800 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| C              | 800 MHz \<     | 3              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 1200 MHz     |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | 200 MHz \<     | 2              | 2              |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 400 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| E              | 400 MHz \<     | 3              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 600 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| F              | 600 MHz \<     | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 800 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| G              | 100 MHz \<     | 2              | 3              |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 200 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| H              | 200 MHz \<     | 3              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 300 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| I              | 300 MHz \<     | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 400 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| J              | 400 MHz \<     | 5              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 500 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| K              | 500 MHz \<     | 6              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 600 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| L              | 600 MHz \<     | 7              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 700 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| M              | 700 MHz \<     | 8              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 800 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| O              | 100 MHz ≤      | 2              | 4              |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤200 MHz       |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| P              | 150 MHz ≤      | 3              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤300 MHz       |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Q              | 200 MHz ≤      | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 400 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1:        |                |                |                |
| Maximum        |                |                |                |
| supported      |                |                |                |
| component      |                |                |                |
| carrier        |                |                |                |
| bandwidths for |                |                |                |
| fallback       |                |                |                |
| groups 1, 2, 3 |                |                |                |
| and 4 are 400  |                |                |                |
| MHz, 200 MHz,  |                |                |                |
| 100 MHz and    |                |                |                |
| 100 MHz        |                |                |                |
| respectively   |                |                |                |
| except for CA  |                |                |                |
| bandwidth      |                |                |                |
| class A.       |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: It is  |                |                |                |
| mandatory for  |                |                |                |
| a UE to be     |                |                |                |
| able to fall   |                |                |                |
| back to lower  |                |                |                |
| order CA       |                |                |                |
| bandwidth      |                |                |                |
| class          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| within a       |                |                |                |
| fallback       |                |                |                |
| group. It is   |                |                |                |
| not mandatory  |                |                |                |
| for a UE to be |                |                |                |
| able to fall   |                |                |                |
| back to lower  |                |                |                |
| order CA       |                |                |                |
| bandwidth      |                |                |                |
| class          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| that belongs   |                |                |                |
| to a different |                |                |                |
| fallback       |                |                |                |
| group.         |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.3A.4-2: Frequency separation classes for non-contiguous
intra-band operation

  Frequency separation class                                                            Max. allowed frequency separation (Fs)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  I                                                                                     800 MHz
  II                                                                                    1200 MHz
  III                                                                                   Fs1400 MHz
  IV                                                                                    1000 MHz
  V                                                                                     1600 MHz
  VI                                                                                    1800 MHz
  VII                                                                                   2000 MHz
  VIII                                                                                  2200 MHz
  IX                                                                                    2400 MHz
  X                                                                                     400 MHz
  XI                                                                                    600 MHz
  NOTE 1: Fs values larger than 1400 MHz apply only to downlink frequency separation.   

Table 5.3A.4-3: Frequency separation classes for DL-only spectrum

  Frequency separation class   Max. allowed frequency separation (Fsd)
  ---------------------------- -----------------------------------------
  I                            200 MHz
  II                           400 MHz
  III                          600 MHz
  IV                           800 MHz
  V                            1000 MHz
  VI                           1200 MHz

5.3D Channel bandwidth for UL MIMO
----------------------------------

The requirements specified in clause 5.3 are applicable to UE supporting
UL MIMO.

5.4 Channel arrangement
-----------------------

### 5.4.1 Channel spacing

#### 5.4.1.1 Channel spacing for adjacent NR carriers

The spacing between carriers will depend on the deployment scenario, the
size of the frequency block available and the channel bandwidths. The
nominal channel spacing between two adjacent NR carriers is defined as
following:

For NR operating bands with 60 kHz channel raster,

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~Channel(1)~ + BW~Channel(2)~)/2 + {-20
kHz, 0 kHz, 20 kHz} for ∆F~Raster~ equals to 60 kHz

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~Channel(1)~ + BW~Channel(2)~)/2 + {-40
kHz, 0 kHz, 40 kHz} for ∆F~Raster~ equals to 120 kHz

where BW~Channel(1)~ and BW~Channel(2)~ are the channel bandwidths of
the two respective NR carriers. The channel spacing can be adjusted
depending on the channel raster to optimize performance in a particular
deployment scenario.

### 5.4.2 Channel raster

#### 5.4.2.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster

The global frequency raster defines a set of RF reference frequencies
F~REF~. The RF reference frequency is used in signalling to identify the
position of RF channels, SS blocks and other elements.

The global frequency raster is defined for all frequencies from 0 to 100
GHz. The granularity of the global frequency raster is ΔF~Global~.

*RF reference frequency* is designated by an NR Absolute Radio Frequency
Channel Number (NR-ARFCN) in the range \[2016667\...3279165\] on the
global frequency raster. The relation between the NR-ARFCN and the RF
reference frequency F~REF~ in MHz is given by the following equation,
where F~REF-Offs~ and N~Ref-Offs~ are given in Table 5.4.2.1-1 and
N~REF~ is the NR-ARFCN

F~REF~ = F~REF-Offs~ + ΔF~Global~ (N~REF~ -- N~REF-Offs~)

Table 5.4.2.1-1: NR-ARFCN parameters for the global frequency raster

  Frequency range (MHz)   ΔF~Global~ (kHz)   F**~REF-Offs~** **(MHz)**   N~REF-Offs~   Range of N~REF~
  ----------------------- ------------------ --------------------------- ------------- --------------------
  24250 -- 100000         60                 24250.08                    2016667       2016667 -- 3279165

The *channel raster* defines a subset of *RF reference frequencies* that
can be used to identify the RF channel position in the uplink and
downlink. The *RF reference frequency* for an RF channel maps to a
resource element on the carrier. For each operating band, a subset of
frequencies from the global frequency raster are applicable for that
band and forms a channel raster with a granularity ΔF~Raster~, which may
be equal to or larger than ΔF~Global~.

The mapping between the channel raster and corresponding resource
element is given in subclause 5.4.2.2. The applicable entries for each
operating band are defined in subclause 5.4.2.3

#### 5.4.2.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping

The mapping between the RF reference frequency on channel raster and the
corresponding resource element is given in Table 5.4.2.2-1 and can be
used to identify the RF channel position. The mapping depends on the
total number of RBs that are allocated in the channel and applies to
both UL and DL. The mapping must apply to at least one numerology
supported by the UE.

Table 5.4.2.2-1: Channel raster to resource element mapping

  -------------------------------- --- ---
                                       
  Resource element index           0   6
  Physical resource block number       
  -------------------------------- --- ---

, , are as defined in TS 38.211\[9\].

#### 5.4.2.3 Channel raster entries for each operating band

The RF channel positions on the channel raster in each NR operating band
are given through the applicable NR-ARFCN in Table 5.4.2.3‑1, using the
channel raster to resource element mapping in subclause 5.4.2.2.

\- For NR operating bands with 60 kHz channel raster above 24 GHz,
ΔF~Raster~ = *I* ×ΔF~Global~, where *I* ϵ *{1,2}*. Every *I^th^*
NR‑ARFCN within the operating band are applicable for the channel raster
within the operating band and the step size for the channel raster in
Table 5.4.2.3-1 is given as \<*I*\>.

\- In frequency bands with two ΔF~Raster~, the higher ΔF~Raster~ applies
to channels using only the SCS that is equal to the higher ΔF~Raster~
and the SSB SCS that is equal to or larger than the higher ΔF~Raster~.

Table 5.4.2.3-1: Applicable NR-ARFCN per operating band

+----------------+----------------+----------------------------------+
| Operating Band | ΔF**~Raster~** | Uplink and Downlink              |
|                |                |                                  |
|                | (kHz)          | Range of N**~REF~**              |
|                |                |                                  |
|                |                | (First -- \<Step size\> -- Last) |
+================+================+==================================+
| n257           | 60             | 2054166 -- \<1\> -- 2104165      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------------------------+
|                | 120            | 2054167 -- \<2\> -- 2104165      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------------------------+
| n258           | 60             | 2016667 -- \<1\> -- 2070832      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------------------------+
|                | 120            | 2016667 -- \<2\> -- 2070831      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------------------------+
| n259           | 60             | 2270833 -- \<1\> -- 2337499      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------------------------+
|                | 120            | 2270833-- \<2\> -- 2337499       |
+----------------+----------------+----------------------------------+
| n260           | 60             | 2229166 -- \<1\> -- 2279165      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------------------------+
|                | 120            | 2229167 -- \<2\> -- 2279165      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------------------------+
| n261           | 60             | 2070833 -- \<1\> -- 2084999      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------------------------+
|                | 120            | 2070833 -- \<2\> -- 2084999      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------------------------+

### 5.4.3 Synchronization raster

#### 5.4.3.1 Synchronization raster and numbering

The synchronization raster indicates the frequency positions of the
synchronization block that can be used by the UE for system acquisition
when explicit signalling of the synchronization block position is not
present.

A global synchronization raster is defined for all frequencies. The
frequency position of the SS block is defined as SS~REF~ with
corresponding number GSCN. The parameters defining the SS~REF~ and GSCN
for all the frequency ranges are in Table 5.4.3.1-1.

The resource element corresponding to the SS block reference frequency
SS~REF~ is given in subclause 5.4.3.2. The synchronization raster and
the subcarrier spacing of the synchronization block are defined
separately for each band.

Table 5.4.3.1-1: GSCN parameters for the global frequency raster

+------------------+------------------+----------+----------------+
| Frequency range  | SS block         | GSCN     | Range of GSCN  |
|                  | frequency        |          |                |
|                  | position SS~REF~ |          |                |
+==================+==================+==========+================+
| 24250 -- 100000  | 24250.08 MHz + N | 22256+ N | 22256 -- 26639 |
| MHz              | \* 17.28 MHz,    |          |                |
|                  |                  |          |                |
|                  | N = 0: 4383      |          |                |
+------------------+------------------+----------+----------------+

#### 5.4.3.2 Synchronization raster to synchronization block resource element mapping

The mapping between the synchronization raster and the corresponding
resource element of the SS block is given in Table 5.4.3.2-1.

Table 5.4.3.2-1: Synchronization raster to SS block resource element
mapping

  ---------------------------- -----
  Resource element index *k*   120
  ---------------------------- -----

*k* is the subcarrier number of SS/PBCH block defined in TS 38.211 \[9\]
clause 7.4.3.1.

#### 5.4.3.3 Synchronization raster entries for each operating band

The synchronization raster for each band is given in Table 5.4.3.3-1.
The distance between applicable GSCN entries is given by the \<Step
size\> indicated in Table 5.4.3.3-1.

Table 5.4.3.3-1: Applicable SS raster entries per operating band

+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR Operating   | SS Block SCS | SS Block       | Range of GSCN  |
| Band           |              | pattern^1^     |                |
|                |              |                | (First --      |
|                |              |                | \<Step size\>  |
|                |              |                | -- Last)       |
+================+==============+================+================+
| n257           | 120 kHz      | Case D         | 22388 - \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | - 22558        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 240 kHz      | Case E         | 22390 - \<2\>  |
|                |              |                | - 22556        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n258           | 120 kHz      | Case D         | 22257 - \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | - 22443        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 240 kHz      | Case E         | 22258 - \<2\>  |
|                |              |                | - 22442        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n259           | 120 kHz      | Case D         | 23140 -- \<1\> |
|                |              |                | -- 23369       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 240 kHz      | Case E         | 23142 -- \<2\> |
|                |              |                | -- 23368       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n260           | 120 kHz      | Case D         | 22995 - \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | - 23166        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 240 kHz      | Case E         | 22996 - \<2\>  |
|                |              |                | - 23164        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n261           | 120 kHz      | Case D         | 22446 - \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | - 22492        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 240 kHz      | Case E         | 22446 - \<2\>  |
|                |              |                | - 22490        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: SS     |              |                |                |
| Block pattern  |              |                |                |
| is defined in  |              |                |                |
| subclause 4.1  |              |                |                |
| in TS 38.213   |              |                |                |
| \[22\].        |              |                |                |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+

5.4A Channel arrangement for CA
-------------------------------

### 5.4A.1 Channel spacing for CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation with two or more component
carriers, the nominal channel spacing between two adjacent NR component
carriers is defined as the following unless stated otherwise:

For NR operating bands with 60kHz channel raster:

with

*n = µ~0~ -- 2*

where BW~Channel(1)~ and BW~Channel(2)~ are the channel bandwidths of
the two respective NR component carriers according to Table 5.3.2-1 with
values in MHz, μ~o~ is the largest μ value among the subcarrier spacing
configurations supported in the operating band for both of the channel
bandwidths according to Table 5.3.5-1, and *GB~Channel(i)~* is the
minimum guardband for channel bandwidth *i* according to Table 5.3.3-1
for the said μ value, with μ as defined in TS 38.211 \[9\].

The channel spacing for intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation can be
adjusted to any multiple of sub-carrier spacing less than the nominal
channel spacing to optimize performance in a particular deployment
scenario.

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation, the channel spacing
between two NR component carriers in different sub-blocks shall be
larger than the nominal channel spacing defined in this subclause.

5.5 Configurations
------------------

5.5A Configurations for CA
--------------------------

### 5.5A.1 Configurations for intra-band contiguous CA

Table 5.5A.1-1: NR CA configurations, bandwidth combination sets, and
fallback group defined for intra-band contiguous CA

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>NR CA configuration</th>
<th>Uplink CA configurations</th>
<th>BW<sub>Channel</sub> (MHz)</th>
<th>BW<sub>Channel</sub> (MHz)</th>
<th>BW<sub>Channel</sub> (MHz)</th>
<th>BW<sub>Channel</sub> (MHz)</th>
<th>BW<sub>Channel</sub> (MHz)</th>
<th>BW<sub>Channel</sub> (MHz)</th>
<th>BW<sub>Channel</sub> (MHz)</th>
<th>BW<sub>Channel</sub> (MHz)</th>
<th>Maximum aggregated<br />
BW (MHz)</th>
<th>BCS</th>
<th>Fallback group</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n257B</td>
<td>CA_n257B</td>
<td>50, 100, 200, 400</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td>50, 100, 200,</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td>50, 100, 200,</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n257G</td>
<td>CA_n257G</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>200</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n257H</td>
<td>CA_n257H</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>300</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n257I</td>
<td>CA_n257I</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>400</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n257J</td>
<td>CA_n257J</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>500</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n257K</td>
<td>CA_n257K</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n257L</td>
<td>CA_n257L</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>700</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n258D</td>
<td>CA_n258D</td>
<td>50, 100, 200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>400</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n258E</td>
<td><p>CA_n258D</p>
<p>CA_n258E</p></td>
<td>50, 100, 200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n258F</td>
<td><p>CA_n258D</p>
<p>CA_n258E</p>
<p>CA_n258F</p></td>
<td>50, 100, 200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n258G</td>
<td>CA_n258G</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>200</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n258H</td>
<td><p>CA_n258G</p>
<p>CA_n258H</p></td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>300</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n258I</td>
<td><p>CA_n258G</p>
<p>CA_n258H</p>
<p>CA_n258I</p></td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>400</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n258J</td>
<td><p>CA_n258G</p>
<p>CA_n258H</p>
<p>CA_n258I</p>
<p>CA_n258J</p></td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>500</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n258K</td>
<td><p>CA_n258G</p>
<p>CA_n258H</p>
<p>CA_n258I</p>
<p>CA_n258J</p>
<p>CA_n258K</p></td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n258L</td>
<td><p>CA_n258G</p>
<p>CA_n258H</p>
<p>CA_n258I</p>
<p>CA_n258J</p>
<p>CA_n258K</p>
<p>CA_n258L</p></td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>700</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n258M</td>
<td><p>CA_n258G</p>
<p>CA_n258H</p>
<p>CA_n258I</p>
<p>CA_n258J</p>
<p>CA_n258K</p>
<p>CA_n258L</p>
<p>CA_n258M</p></td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n260B</td>
<td>CA_n260B</td>
<td>50, 100, 200, 400</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260C</td>
<td>CA_n260B</td>
<td>50, 100, 200, 400</td>
<td>400</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>1200</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n260E</td>
<td>CA_n260E</td>
<td>50, 100, 200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260F</td>
<td>CA_n260F</td>
<td>50, 100, 200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n260G</td>
<td>CA_n260G</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>200</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260H</td>
<td>CA_n260H</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>300</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n260I</td>
<td>CA_n260I</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>400</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260J</td>
<td>CA_n260J</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>500</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n260K</td>
<td>CA_n260K</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260L</td>
<td>CA_n260L</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td>700</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n260M</td>
<td>CA_n260M</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261B</td>
<td>CA_n261B</td>
<td>50, 100, 200, 400</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n261C</td>
<td>CA_n261B</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>400</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>850<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261D</td>
<td>CA_n261D</td>
<td>50, 100, 200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>400</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>2</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n261E</td>
<td>CA_n261E</td>
<td>50, 100, 200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261F</td>
<td>CA_n261F</td>
<td>50, 100, 200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n261G</td>
<td>CA_n261G</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>200</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>3</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261H</td>
<td>CA_n261H</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>300</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n261I</td>
<td>CA_n261I</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>400</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261J</td>
<td>CA_n261J</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>500</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n261K</td>
<td>CA_n261K</td>
<td>50, 100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: For the NR CA configuration with more than two component carries, the bandwidths in a BCS which may introduce combinations more than requested unintentionally should be listed in a row separately.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 5.5A.2 Configurations for intra-band non-contiguous CA

Configurations listed in this clause apply to downlink carrier
aggregation only.

NOTE: Sub-blocks belonging to a CA configuration can be in any order. In
other words certain CA configuration acronym includes all sub-block
arrangements which have exactly the same sub-block set. As an example,
CA\_n260(2G-3O) denotes CA\_n260(2O-2G-O), CA\_n260(G-3O-G) etc. but
these are not listed in tables separately.

Table 5.5A.2-1: NR CA configurations with single CA bandwidth class
defined for intra-band non-contiguous CA

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>NR configuration</th>
<th>Uplink CA configurations</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Σ(BW<sub>Channel,block</sub>) (MHz)</th>
<th>BCS</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n257(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n257A</td>
<td>n257A</td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n260A</td>
<td>n260A</td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n260(3A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n260A</td>
<td>n260A</td>
<td>n260A</td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td>1200</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260(4A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n260A</td>
<td>n260A</td>
<td>n260A</td>
<td>n260A</td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td>1600</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n261(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n261A</td>
<td>n261A</td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261(3A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n261A</td>
<td>n261A</td>
<td>n261A</td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n261(4A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n261A</td>
<td>n261A</td>
<td>n261A</td>
<td>n261A</td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td> </td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 3: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 4: Channel bandwidth per operating band defined in Table 5.3.5-1.</p>
<p>NOTE 5: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 6: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 7: Σ(BW<sub>Channel,block</sub>) denotes the maximum total bandwidth from the summation of the sub-block bandwidths and shall be less than the bandwidth of the operating band.</p>
<p>NOTE 8: Unless otherwise stated, BCS0 is referred in each constituent CA configuration.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 5.5A.2-2: NR CA configurations with multiple CA bandwidth classes
defined for intra-band non-contiguous CA

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>CA configuration</th>
<th>Uplink CA configurations</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Sub-block</th>
<th>Σ(BW<sub>Channel,block</sub>) <strong>(MHz)</strong></th>
<th>BCS</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n260(A-I)</td>
<td>CA_n260I</td>
<td>n260A</td>
<td>CA_n260I</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260(D-G)</td>
<td>CA_n260D CA_n260G</td>
<td>CA_n260D</td>
<td>CA_n260G</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260(D-H)</td>
<td>CA_n260D CA_n260H</td>
<td>CA_n260D</td>
<td>CA_n260H</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>700</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260(D-I)</td>
<td>CA_n260D CA_n260I</td>
<td>CA_n260D</td>
<td>CA_n260I</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260(D-P)</td>
<td>CA_n260D CA_n260P</td>
<td>CA_n260D</td>
<td>CA_n260P</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>700</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260(E-O)</td>
<td>CA_n260E CA_n260O</td>
<td>CA_n260O</td>
<td>CA_n260E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260(E-P)</td>
<td>CA_n260E CA_n260P</td>
<td>CA_n260E</td>
<td>CA_n260P</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n260(G-I)</td>
<td>CA_n260G CA_n260I</td>
<td>CA_n260G</td>
<td>CA_n260I</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261(D-G)</td>
<td>CA_n261D CA_n261G</td>
<td>CA_n261D</td>
<td>CA_n261G</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261(D-H)</td>
<td>CA_n261D CA_n261H</td>
<td>CA_n261D</td>
<td>CA_n261H</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>700</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261(D-I)</td>
<td>CA_n261D CA_n261I</td>
<td>CA_n261D</td>
<td>CA_n261I</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261(D-O)</td>
<td>CA_n261D CA_n261O</td>
<td>CA_n261D</td>
<td>CA_n261O</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>600</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261(D-P)</td>
<td>CA_n261D CA_n261P</td>
<td>CA_n261D</td>
<td>CA_n261P</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>700</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261(D-Q)</td>
<td>CA_n261D CA_n261Q</td>
<td>CA_n261D</td>
<td>CA_n261Q</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261(E-O)</td>
<td>CA_n261E CA_n261O</td>
<td>CA_n261E</td>
<td>CA_n261O</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n261(E-P)</td>
<td>CA_n261E CA_n261P</td>
<td>CA_n261E</td>
<td>CA_n261P</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>800</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Void</p>
<p>NOTE 3: Unless otherwise stated, BCS0 is referred to, in each constituent CA configuration.</p>
<p>NOTE 4: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 5: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 6: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 7: Σ(BW<sub>Channel,block</sub>) denotes the maximum total bandwidth from the summation of the sub-block bandwidths and shall be less than the bandwidth of the operating band.</p>
<p>NOTE 8: Channel bandwidth per operating band is defined in Table 5.3.5-1.</p>
<p>NOTE 9: Configurations for intra-band contiguous CA are defined in Table 5.5A.1-1.</p>
<p>NOTE 10: Configurations for intra-band non-contiguous CA are defined in Table 5.5A.2-1.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 5.5A.3 Configurations for inter-band CA

Table 5.5A.3-1: NR CA configurations for inter-band CA

  NR CA configuration                                                              Uplink CA configuration   NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)   Bandwidth combination set               
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------- --------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------- ----- ----- ---
                                                                                                                       50                                 100                         200   400   
  CA\_n260A-n261A                                                                  \-                        n260      50                                 100                         200   400   0
                                                                                                             n261      50                                 100                         200   400   
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                                                                                  

5.5D Configurations for UL MIMO
-------------------------------

The requirements specified in subclause 5.5 are applicable to UE
supporting UL MIMO.
